
=== PAGE 1 ===
Impact 
Report 2025
=== PAGE 2 ===
Table of contents
Overview 3
Letters from our CEO and CSO 3
About Cargill 5
Building a more resilient food  
and agriculture system 7
2025 highlights 9
Awards and recognition 10
Strategy 11
Our focus areas 12
Reporting approach 13
ESG governance 13
Stakeholder engagement 13
Impact scorecard 14
Climate 15
Our approach 16
Scope 1 and 2 17
Scope 3 19
Land and Water 22
Our approach 23
Land 23
Water 28
People 32
Our approach 33
Health and safety 33
Workforce 34
Human rights 37
Farmer livelihoods 40
Community Impact 42 
Our approach 43
Food security 43
Global philanthropy and volunteerism 44
Crisis response 45
Ethics and  
Compliance 46
Our approach 47
Our expectations 47
Our ongoing commitment 47
Responsible sourcing 48
Supply Chain  
Sustainability 49
Aqua nutrition 50
Cocoa 63
Palm oil 79
Soy 93
Appendix 108
About this report 109
Stakeholder engagement index 110
TCFD index 111
SASB index 112
Animal welfare index 115
2
Impact Report 20252
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 3 ===
A message from 
Brian Sikes
As a company committed to nourishing the world, we’re helping address 
the most complex and urgent challenges facing people and the planet. 
With operations in 70 countries, roughly 155,000 hard-working people 
powering our supply chains, and partnerships woven across the world’s 
food system, Cargill is uniquely positioned to make a lasting impact. 
For 160 years, that’s exactly what we’ve done. Today, as we connect farmers 
to markets, customers with ingredients, and people and animals with the 
nourishment they need, our work remains grounded in the same values that 
have guided us from the very beginning: we do the right thing, we treat people 
with dignity and respect, and when challenges arise, we reach higher to 
deliver solutions. 
This year, the world faced new disruptions, and the pressures on our climate 
and our communities persisted. Through it all, Cargill advanced solutions 
with farmers and our customers to more sustainably grow, make, and move 
the food the world depends on. Together, we reduced emissions, safeguarded 
land and water, and supported the people and communities who power our 
supply chains.
Looking forward, we know our work isn’t finished. By continuing to invest 
in innovation and forge strong collaborations, we can build a more resilient 
and equitable food system — connecting a food secure world today and for 
generations to come. 
We do the right thing, 
we treat people with 
dignity and respect, 
and when challenges 
arise, we reach higher 
to deliver solutions. ”
Brian Sikes 
Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer 
Cargill
3
Impact Report 20253
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
About Cargill 2025 highlights Awards and recognition
=== PAGE 4 ===
A message from 
Pilar Cruz
At Cargill, our purpose — nourishing the world in a safe, responsible, and sustainable way — guides everything we do. 
We know food security starts on the farm. When farmers prosper, communities grow stronger, and the global food system 
becomes more resilient and reliable.
In the past year, we advanced solutions to help farmers adapt, grow, and succeed — while delivering measurable value to 
customers and strengthening the long-term resilience of the food system. Working in partnership across the value chain, 
we reached milestones that reflect both our ambition and action: 
• Supporting farmers: Delivered more than 7.7 million farmer trainings globally since 2017 and managed regenerative 
agriculture programs and partnerships across 16+ countries.
•  Reducing our climate footprint: Reduced Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 20.9% from our 2017 baseline — exceeding our 
2025 target by more than double. This progress was supported by energy efficiency improvements and more than 100 
renewable energy projects across 30 countries.
•  Investing in communities: Invested $110 million across 72 countries and helped provide more than 144 million meals 
globally — improving food access, water availability, and economic opportunity in the communities where we operate.
•  Delivering solutions for customers: Scaled innovative, practical programs that help customers meet their goals, from 
advancing regenerative agriculture to reducing plastic packaging. 
Progress is not linear, and none of this impact would be possible without collaboration. Through these partnerships, we’ll 
continue building a food system that is more sustainable, more resilient, and better prepared to nourish the world for 
generations to come.
Pilar Cruz 
Executive Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer 
Cargill
When farmers prosper, 
communities grow 
stronger, and the global 
food system becomes 
more resilient and reliable. ”
4
Impact Report 20254
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
About Cargill 2025 highlights Awards and recognition
=== PAGE 5 ===
About Cargill
Cargill is a family-owned company providing food, 
ingredients, agricultural solutions, and industrial 
products to nourish the world in a safe, responsible, 
and sustainable way.
Our company was founded in 1865 as a single 
grain warehouse in Iowa and has grown into a 
global agricultural supply chain partner. Every day, 
we connect farmers with markets, customers with 
ingredients, and people and animals with the food 
they need. By supplying the things that matter, 
we help businesses grow, communities prosper, 
and consumers live well.
From climate change to food insecurity, the 
challenges to today’s food system are greater 
than ever before. Our end-to-end supply chain 
capabilities position us to transform food and 
agriculture, creating a more resilient food system 
for current and future generations.
Connecting the global supply chain
Our end-to-end supply chain capabilities and logistics:
Source and trade Make and transport Deliver for customers
Partner with farmers and ranchers 
growing crops and raising animals.
Craft meat, egg, and alternative 
protein products, salt, oils, starches, 
cocoa, and sweeteners.
T ransport goods from where they’re grown 
and produced to where they’re needed.
Sell food products and ingredients, 
agricultural solutions, and 
bio-based industrial products 
to manufacturers, farmers and 
ranchers, foodservice customers, 
retailers, and consumers.
Formulate feed to support 
animal health and productivity .
Create nature-derived, bio-based 
products and biofuels.
Provide global insights 
and risk management 
solutions.
Originate, source, store, 
and trade commodities.
Our purpose is to 
nourish the world in 
a safe, responsible, 
and sustainable way. 
5
Impact Report 20255
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
About Cargill 2025 highlights Awards and recognition
=== PAGE 6 ===
Our global impact
Asia / Pacific
33% of Cargill employees
2025 BY THE NUMBERS:
155,000+ 
employees around 
the world
70
countries where 
we operate
160
years of experience
125
markets served
$154 billion
annual revenue
Where our people work around the world — from farms to plants 
to offices to labs.
North America
29% of Cargill employees
Latin America
25% of Cargill employees
Europe, Middle East, and Africa
13% of Cargill employees
6
Impact Report 20256
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
About Cargill 2025 highlights Awards and recognition
=== PAGE 7 ===
Building a more resilient food and agriculture system
By 2050, the world’s population will exceed nine 
billion, increasing demand for food — even as an 
estimated 730 million remain undernourished.1 
At the same time, climate change is putting 
pressure on food production through more frequent 
droughts, floods, and extreme weather. Meeting 
these challenges requires solutions that help us 
grow more food while minimizing impacts to the 
land and water we rely on. 
At Cargill, we understand that food security, climate, 
water, biodiversity, and farmer livelihoods are deeply 
connected — and that agriculture can help address 
these challenges through innovation, technology, 
education, and collaboration.
This work calls for cross-sector cooperation across 
the food system. We’re contributing to broader 
progress by investing in research, developing 
publicly available tools, and supporting coalitions 
that drive collective progress.
Investing in research
We collaborate with leading academic institutions 
to advance research that drives innovation 
in agriculture.
• In the Netherlands, Cargill partnered with 
Wageningen University & Research to study 
the state of regenerative agriculture adoption, 
economic impact of the transition, and 
opportunities for scaling in Europe.  
The collaboration assessed public and private 
programs, identifying key gaps and opportunities 
that helped shape Regenomics — a public private 
partnership focused on accelerating 
regenerative agriculture across Europe.
• As a member of MIT’s Climate & Sustainability 
Consortium, Cargill works with academic 
and private-sector partners to help translate 
early-stage science into real-world applications. 
For example, research on hard-to-abate 
agricultural emissions like nitrous oxide provides 
insights for designing mitigation programs.
• Cargill issued a grant to Colorado State 
University to support research on cattle feeding 
practices that could make beef production more 
sustainable and lessen its environmental impact. 
The study focuses on a key challenge: methane 
emissions from cattle, which are naturally 
released during digestion. Researchers will test 
different feed ingredients and additives to see if 
they can help lower these emissions.
• Cargill is collaborating with the Center for 
Carbon Research in Tropical Agriculture at the 
University of São Paulo, whose mission is to 
develop innovative solutions while addressing 
the challenges of climate change. The two-year 
research project focuses on the effects of 
cover crops on soil carbon, soil health, and crop 
responses in regenerative agriculture areas 
in Brazil.
1 https:/ /www.un.org/en/global-issues/population
7
Impact Report 20257
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
About Cargill 2025 highlights Awards and recognition
=== PAGE 8 ===
Developing publicly 
available tools
Cargill supports the development of publicly available 
tools and methodologies that make it easier for the 
food and agriculture industry to adopt sustainable 
practices. By sharing practical, data-informed 
resources, we help reduce barriers, align standards, 
and accelerate progress across supply chains.
• We’re partnering with the Soil Health Institute 
on a three-year project to equip farmers, 
conservation planners, and sustainability 
experts across North America with tools to 
promote water stewardship within agricultural 
supply chains. This includes resources like a 
drought resilience calculator, which helps assess 
how soil health impacts water availability and 
guides improvements in soil management for 
yield optimization.
• Cargill is advancing industry alignment on 
water stewardship by sharing our methodology 
for supply chain water goals to encourage 
broader adoption. In August 2024, we published 
a position paper outlining our approach to 
quantifying, attributing, and tracking progress 
toward supply chain water goals — offering a 
practical accounting framework for collaboration 
across agricultural value chains.
Supporting coalitions
Cargill participates in several industry roundtables 
that promote continuous improvement and drive 
progress toward more sustainable, transparent, 
and resilient agricultural supply chains.
• The Round Table on Responsible Soy (RTRS) 
promotes economically, socially, and 
environmentally sustainable standards and 
practices for the soy value chain — from 
production and processing to trading — by 
engaging a broad range of stakeholders.
• Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO): 
Cargill is a certified member of RSPO and 
actively promotes sustainable palm oil 
practices across its supply chain. Cargill sits 
as an Alternate Member on the RSPO Board 
of Governors representing the Processors and 
Traders and is a member of the RSPO Human 
Rights Working Group and RSPO Biodiversity 
High Conservation Value Working Group.
In addition to being founding members 
of CRSB, Cargill and McDonald’s have 
supported several joint initiatives over 
the past 20 years, including mentorship 
through the Canadian Cattle Y oung Leaders 
program, research through the Beef Cattle 
Research Council, and support of the 
Forage Program with Ducks Unlimited 
Canada (DUC). DUC’s program has worked 
with more than 1,200 producers to restore 
over 153,000 acres of perennial grasslands 
as pasture, exceeding our 5-year target 
by 22%.
We know that feeding the world 
takes partnership at every step of 
the supply chain. Our customers 
count on us to keep store shelves 
stocked and ensure that consumers 
have access to the food they need 
and want. That’s why we work 
hand-in-hand with farmers, helping 
them thrive while building resilient, 
responsible food systems together. 
When we align our efforts, 
we unlock value for everyone. ”
Jon Nash
Executive Vice President
Cargill Food
• Cargill is a founding member of the Global 
Roundtable for Sustainable Beef (GRSB) 
and the  U.S. Roundtable for Sustainable Beef 
(USRSB), multi-stakeholder initiatives developed 
to advance support, and communicate 
continuous improvement in sustainability 
of the beef value chain through leadership, 
innovation, multi-stakeholder engagement, 
and collaboration. Cargill serves on the board 
of GRSB, is involved in working groups of both 
organizations, and supported the development 
of USRSB’s Sustainable Beef Research 
Roadmap, a powerful tool to drive the next 
chapter of progress in beef sustainability.
• Through the Canadian Roundtable for 
Sustainable Beef (CRSB), Cargill supports 
financial incentives for beef producers to 
maintain their CRSB certification, which 
provides assurances for the sustainable 
production, processing, and sourcing of 
Canadian beef.
8
Impact Report 20258
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
About Cargill 2025 highlights Awards and recognition
=== PAGE 9 ===
91 billion
liters of water restored  
in water-stressed  
regions
2.5 million
acres engaged in regenerative 
agriculture practices across 
North America since 2020
$110 million
invested in local 
communities around  
the world 
144 million
meals provided globally 
through our corporate 
giving efforts
7.7 million
farmer trainings  
delivered   
since 2017
20.9%
reduction in Scope 1 and 2 
emissions from 2017 baseline, 
exceeding our goal
2025 highlights
$69 million
invested in efficiency and other 
sustainability related capital 
projects within our operations
77 ,000+
employee and  
alumni global  
volunteer hours
9
Impact Report 20259
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
About Cargill 2025 highlights Awards and recognition
=== PAGE 10 ===
Awards and recognition
We are proud of the recognition we receive for delivering impact at a global scale through innovation and technology 
while creating an exceptional workplace.
BIG Sustainability Award: 
Sustainability Leadership 
and Sustainability 
Initiative of the Y ear
BIG Innovation Award:
• Agriculture Organization
• Product
World’s Best 
Companies 
2024 list
America’s Most Innovative 
Companies 2024 list
Silver: Clean Water, Food and 
Agriculture — Smart Farming 
& Sustainability
• Winter Camelina for Biofuels
• Cultivated Grade™ Media
Yum! Brands’ 2024 STAR 
Awards Sustainability 
Supplier of the Y ear
PepsiCo’s 2025 Global 
Supplier of the Y ear
Sysco’s 2025 Supplier of 
the Y ear + Center of the 
Plate Supplier of the Y ear
Bronze: Clean Water, Food 
and Agriculture — Smart 
Farming & Sustainability
• REVEAL™ Layers
• Cargill Natural Flavors
Bronze: Social and Cultural 
Impact — Community-based 
Sustainable Resources
• Cargill Currents
McDonald’s Safety Award
EDISON AWARDS (SILVER) EDISON AWARDS (BRONZE)
10
Impact Report 202510
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
About Cargill 2025 highlights Awards and recognition
=== PAGE 11 ===
Strategy
As a company that sits at the center of the global food system, 
Cargill plays a unique role in connecting farmers, food producers, 
and consumers. This vantage point makes it clear that the future 
of food depends on a system that is productive, sustainable, 
and resilient.
Our strategy reflects how growing food impacts natural 
resources; how it moves from where it’s grown; and how we 
partner to expand access to nutrition, improve farmer and 
community livelihoods, and accelerate our customers’ progress 
on sustainability. The three focus areas where we believe we 
can make the greatest impact in creating a more resilient food 
system are Climate, Land and Water, and People.
11
Impact Report 202511
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 12 ===
Our focus areas
We prioritize three key areas — Climate, Land and Water, and People 
— with an integrated strategy that aligns with our purpose and aims to 
deliver multiple benefits, from reducing emissions and improving soil 
health to strengthening farmer livelihoods and advancing food security.
Climate
We support the adoption of agricultural practices and technology that 
aim to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across food production, 
processing, and distribution — working toward climate resilience and 
more secure food systems for the future.
Land and Water
We pursue opportunities to employ nature-based solutions and develop 
strategic partnerships with farmers, customers, industry groups, 
non-governmental organizations (NGOs), and governments in an 
effort to protect and restore natural resources essential for long-term 
food security.
People
We work with employees, farmers, customers, and communities in an 
effort to improve livelihoods and create more equitable food systems 
that can adapt to a changing world.
ClimateNourish 
the world
in a safe, responsible, 
and sustainable way.
Land and Water
People
12
Impact Report 202512
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Our focus areas Reporting approach | ESG governance | Stakeholder engagement Impact scorecard
=== PAGE 13 ===
ESG 
governance
Overall accountability for sustainability and ESG rests with the chief 
executive officer (CEO), who also serves as chair of Cargill’s board of 
directors. The CEO works closely with the chief sustainability officer 
(CSO) to evaluate and address ESG risks, opportunities, and impacts 
corresponding with the company’s overarching business strategy and 
reporting practices. 
Reporting to the CEO, our CSO leads Cargill’s comprehensive 
sustainability strategy — integrating material ESG issues into 
business decision-making and delivering customer-focused 
sustainability solutions while monitoring progress against Cargill’s 
sustainability goals. 
The CSO also chairs the executive-level ESG committee that assists 
in strategic planning and alignment across Cargill. The board of 
directors oversees progress against sustainability goals. 
Cargill also integrates sustainability-related risks into its enterprise 
risk management (ERM) framework through a structured risk 
assessment process. The Cargill sustainability team utilizes insights 
from several detailed risk assessment activities. The results of 
these assessments help identify and prioritize ESG risks, which are 
incorporated into Cargill’s Corporate Risk Register. As part of the 
ERM oversight process, ESG risks may be escalated to the board of 
directors dependent on their overall risk exposure and impact.
Stakeholder 
engagement
Stakeholder engagement is critical to driving our strategy forward. 
We connect with internal and external stakeholders in several ways 
to understand their priorities, concerns, and perspectives. We then 
apply this input and feedback to help inform our sustainability 
approach and strategy. 
Learn more about how we engage with stakeholders on sustainability 
topics in the Appendix. 
Reporting 
approach 
As ESG regulations evolve, we proactively monitor current and 
emerging reporting requirements to inform and strengthen our 
strategy and  disclosures. 
We are actively preparing to comply with upcoming regulations: 
the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), EU 
Regulation on Deforestation-free Products (EUDR), the Corporate 
Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD), and the climate 
disclosure requirements under the Australian Corporations Act 
2001 amended legislation. We are engaging in a double materiality 
assessment1 (DMA) and a comprehensive review of our current policies 
and practices to identify and address our sustainability impacts 
and financial risks and opportunities and ensure alignment with 
the European Sustainability Reporting Standards and International 
Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB). The DMA will undergo validation 
and the material topics will be disclosed as a part of our future CSRD 
statement. The content in our report reflects our previous materiality 
assessment; the results of that assessment align with our focus areas of 
Climate, Land and Water, and People.
Additionally, we are enhancing our data collection processes and 
controls to meet disclosure requirements and building processes that 
are informed by regulatory standards to drive progress against our 
sustainability goals.
This report addresses topics across our three focus areas — 
Climate, Land and Water, and People — and highlights environmental 
and social outcomes in our operations, supply chains, and 
communities. Additional ESG performance details are available in 
our  2025 Impact Scorecard and Appendix.
1 Double materiality refers to the material impacts a company has on the environment and society, 
and the material financial risks and opportunities posed to a company.
Customers
Suppliers Consumers
Employees
Investors
Communities
NGOs
Industry 
associations
Public
policy makers
Our 
stakeholders
13
Impact Report 202513
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Our focus areas Reporting approach | ESG governance | Stakeholder engagement Impact scorecard
=== PAGE 14 ===
GOAL METRIC PROGRESS1
Climate2 Scope 1 and 2: Reduce absolute operational GHG emissions by 
10% by 2025 CO2e reduction from 2017 baseline
Scope 33: Reduce global GHG emissions from our global supply 
chain by 30%, measured per ton of product Millions of MT CO2e reduced 1.06M MT CO2e reduced through supply chain sustainability programs
Land and Water Eliminate deforestation across our agricultural supply chain 
by 2030
Detailed dashboards of progress against land use metrics can be found in the cocoa, palm oil, and soy Supply Chain chapters;  
these are the priority supply chains that comprise our global land use commitment
Water (Operations): Implement water stewardship practices at 
all 68 priority facilities by 2025
Average implementation of water 
stewardship practices across all 
priority facilities
Water (Supply Chain and Communities): Enable a water positive 
impact4 in all priority regions by 2030
Progress toward enabling a water 
positive impact
People Farmer Livelihoods (Trainings): Provide 10 million farmer 
trainings in sustainable agricultural practices by 2030 Farmer trainings delivered since 2017
Farmer Livelihoods (Hatching Hope): Improve nutrition and 
economic livelihoods by reaching 100 million people by 2030 
through the production, promotion, and consumption of poultry
People reached since 20185
Global Contributions: Invest in programs and projects that 
advance social and environmental impact priorities and support 
local communities
Invested across 72 countries this year
2.6M MT CO2e
96%
Goal: 100%
40.7%
Goal: 100%
7 .7 million
Goal: 10 million
36.2 million
Goal: 100 million
$110 million
Goal: 10% Actual Reduction: 20.9% 
1 Progress based on achievements as of fiscal year 2025 across our sustainability focus areas.
2 Scope 1 and 2 refers to GHG emissions from our operations and from energy purchased from the grid, respectively. Scope 3 refers to upstream and 
downstream supply chain emissions.
3 Cargill is tracking its Scope 3 progress based on a metric of reductions on an annual basis. Cargill will transition to reporting a % reduction against 
Scope 3 baseline following issuance of applicable external GHG accounting standards.
4 Cargill defines a water positive impact as effectively improving watershed health by addressing the shared water challenges of availability, quality, 
and access to safe drinking water, sanitation, and hygiene (WASH), using an approach that is informed by our footprint and the severity of local water 
challenges. For more information on supply chain water goal accounting, please read here.
5 People reached includes farmers, market actors, household members, and consumers.
Impact scorecard
Cargill’s purpose is to nourish the world in a safe, responsible, and sustainable way. Our strategy and goals are 
aligned with the United Nations (U.N.) Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as indicated below.
14
Impact Report 202514
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Our focus areas Reporting approach | ESG governance | Stakeholder engagement Impact scorecard
=== PAGE 15 ===
Climate
Climate change and food security are inextricably linked. 
As weather patterns shift and extreme events become more 
frequent, the global food system is being tested in new ways. 
While it has proven resilient, continued progress will depend on 
efforts to both reduce emissions and build long-term resilience.
At Cargill, we’re taking proactive steps to meet these complex 
challenges head-on. Through our global reach and partnerships, 
we’re advancing practical, commercially-viable solutions that 
lower emissions, support sustainable practices, and strengthen 
the global food system. 
20.9% 
reduction in Scope 1 and 2 
emissions compared to 
2017 baseline
$69 million 
invested in efficiency and other 
sustainability related capital 
projects within our operations
105 megawatts
of contracted renewable capacity 
added in FY25, increasing our 
overall portfolio by 14%
15
Impact Report 202515
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 16 ===
Our 
approach
We’re reducing emissions in our operations 
and supply chain, innovating new products, 
adopting new technologies, and scaling 
new markets. Together with our customers, 
suppliers, and partners, we’re working to 
ensure the global food system remains 
strong — now and in the future. 
In 2025, we reduced our Scope 1 and 2 
absolute operational emissions by 20.9% 
— exceeding our 2025 goal of a 10% 
reduction. We’re also continuing to invest in 
Scope 3 emissions reductions and removals, 
with a focus on supporting the transition to 
regenerative practices that can deliver both 
climate benefits and productivity gains at the 
farm level.
As we look ahead, we’re evaluating what’s 
next for our climate action, guided by 
science and grounded in our focus on 
creating long-term value for our customers.
Learn more about how we are creating a 
more food secure world.
We take climate risk seriously because 
it affects the availability, affordability, 
and reliability of food. At Cargill, we’re 
working to advance climate resilience 
across the value chain to support our 
customers’ sustainability goals and 
contribute to a more food secure world. ”
David Webster
Specialized Portfolio and 
Chief Risk Officer
Cargill
Our climate goals: 
 
Reduce our absolute operational 
emissions by 10% by 20251
 
Reduce emissions from our global 
supply chain by 30% by 2030, 
measured per ton of product1
1 Against a 2017 baseline.
Strategic focus areas
Reducing emissions and sequestering carbon 
We are taking action across our operations and supply chains to lower 
emissions and find innovative ways to sequester carbon. 
Scaling new markets
We continue to invest in markets that help decarbonize food, agriculture, 
and other sectors.
Innovating new products and solutions 
We are collaborating with customers and suppliers to support their GHG 
emissions reduction goals through innovative product development.
Engaging in multi-stakeholder coalitions
We promote decarbonization in agriculture, manufacturing, fuel, and energy 
sourcing and collaborate to reduce our emissions.
16
Impact Report 202516
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 17 ===
Our progress
Reducing emissions across our global operations 
and supply chains is essential to supporting a more 
resilient food system. Around the world, we are 
improving efficiency and expanding renewable 
energy use at our facilities, partnering with farmers 
and customers to scale more sustainable practices, 
and transforming transportation to move food more 
efficiently and with lower emissions. 
Scope 1 and 2
Scope 1 and 2 market-based emissions result 
from the company’s direct operations and the use 
of purchased energy. We are actively working to 
reduce these emissions through a combination 
of onsite renewable electricity generation — such 
as solar — and offsite solutions including power 
purchase agreements (PPAs), green tariffs, and 
other mechanisms. As of 2025, Cargill’s portfolio 
included more than 100 projects spanning 
30 countries, and our renewable electricity mix 
delivered emission reductions of 1.21 million MT of 
CO₂ equivalent. To improve alignment with internal 
processes, we also shifted our GHG emissions 
reporting from a calendar year (January–December) 
to our fiscal year (June–May), beginning with 
fiscal year 2024 results. This change supports 
better integration of sustainability metrics into 
internal processes.
IN PRACTICE
United States
How we’re leveraging solar power to reduce emissions
In December 2024, Cargill signed a 15-year virtual power purchase agreement (VPPA) with 
an 85 megawatt (MW) project located in Oklahoma. Once operational (commercial operation 
is expected in 2026), this project is expected to reduce CO2 emissions by 1.54 million MT , or 
approximately 103,000 MT per year. Located within the Southwest Power Pool (SPP), the project 
will contribute to emissions reductions at several of Cargill’s largest U.S. sites, including Blair, 
Dodge City, Schuyler, Friona, and Wichita.
2021
(CY)
2022
(CY)
2023
(CY)
2024
(FY)
2025
(FY)
2025 
Goal: 
10%
5.5%
10.9%
15.8%
20.9%
16.1%
Scope 1 and 2 reduction progress1
Goal: Reduce absolute operational GHG emissions 
by 10% by 20252
1 Against fiscal year 2017 baseline.
2 Figures have been rounded to the nearest tenth of a percentage.
Credit: Solv Energy
17
Impact Report 202517
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 18 ===
Cargill is lowering emissions from our production 
processes as part of our effort to strengthen 
food systems. At a Cargill tropical palm facility in 
Indonesia, we’ve installed systems that capture 
methane gas onsite and use it to generate 
electricity to power the facility. Subsequently, 
we have installed methane capture systems in four 
more palm facilities, expecting a total estimated 
GHG reduction of 235,000 MT CO2e across all 
five facilities.
Since thermal energy represents approximately 
80% of our total energy consumption, 
we look beyond renewable energy for ways to 
reduce emissions. In Amsterdam, we installed 
a biomass boiler at our sunflower and rapeseed 
refinery that runs on ground cocoa shells from our 
Zaandam facility. This switch will cut emissions 
by nearly 19,000 MT per year. Combined with 
wind power from Windpark Hanze — operated in 
partnership with Vattenfall — the site will reduce 
CO₂ emissions by up to 31,000 MT annually, or 
about 90%. The energy savings from the biomass 
boiler are equivalent to heating more than 10,000 
homes in the Netherlands. Together, these efforts 
highlight our work to cut emissions through 
practical, scalable solutions tailored to our facilities 
around the world.
IN PRACTICE
Brazil
Utilizing sugarcane to 
power plant operations
In Brazil, we acquired full ownership of 
SJC Bioenergia to meet the growing needs 
of the biofuels market while simultaneously 
expanding our renewable energy footprint. 
The Bioenergia facilities, based in 
Quirinopolis and Chachoeria Dourada, 
process corn and sugarcane into products 
such as ethanol, food-grade sugar, and 
bagasse — a fibrous byproduct of sugarcane 
made from the material left after the juice 
is extracted. The bagasse is then used 
to generate electricity that powers plant 
operations with any surplus energy sold back 
to the grid.
PARTNERSHIP HIGHLIGHT
Germany | Poland
Scaling renewable energy with Mars
Cargill and Mars are partnering on renewable energy procurement through collaborative sourcing. 
By going to market together, we gained the scale needed to access projects that wouldn’t have 
been possible on our own. 
After successfully securing clean energy from the Bard Offshore Wind Farm in Germany, the two 
companies finalized agreements for similar virtual power purchase agreements (VPPAs) in Poland. 
The contracted solar project portfolio, owned and managed by GoldenPeaks Capital Holding, 
is expected to come online in early 2027 and to deliver 140,000 MWh of renewable electricity 
annually to support several Cargill facilities across the country. Over the 12-year contract term, 
the Cargill portfolio is expected to reduce emissions by 1.37 million MT of CO2e — equivalent to 
approximately 110,000 MT per year.
This partnership model accelerates progress for both companies and shows how cross-industry 
collaboration can lower barriers in hard-to-access markets.
18
Impact Report 202518
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 19 ===
Scope 3
Scope 3 emissions include the footprint of 
agricultural commodities we source from producers, 
emissions related to the transportation of 
commodities and products, and emissions related 
to the use of the products we sell. As a global 
business with suppliers around the world, the 
emissions from our supply chains are the greatest 
opportunity to reduce our climate footprint.
Our approach to reducing Scope 3 emissions 
includes supporting farmer-led adoption of 
regenerative agriculture. We have developed a 
diverse and evolving global portfolio of regenerative 
agriculture programs and partnerships across more 
than 16 countries. These initiatives are designed to 
help farmers mitigate some of the associated risks 
of transitioning to regenerative practices through a 
combination of financial incentives, access to inputs, 
and hands-on support from expert agronomists. 
Learn more about regenerative agriculture.
IN PRACTICE
Australia
Supporting Australian growers in building lower-carbon 
supply chains
In Australia, canola and barley growers are on the frontlines of the transition to more sustainable 
agriculture. Through our Cargill SustainConnect™  program, we’re partnering directly with farmers 
to adopt practices that improve soil health and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
The program features seven science-based interventions — including conservation tillage 
practices, the use of legumes, cover cropping, optimizing nitrogen utilization, and synthetic 
fertilizer substitutions — designed to lower the emissions intensity of crops. By equipping farmers 
with tools to measure emissions outcomes, we’re enabling more transparent and data-driven 
supply chains.
The benefits ripple beyond the farm: customers gain access to lower-emission ingredients to meet 
their climate goals, while participating farmers diversify their incomes and contribute to a more 
resilient agricultural system. 
I see great value in the SustainConnect program allowing us to 
promote and share the sustainability practices that we utilize in 
producing Cargill’s product. ”
Tim Gainsford
Canola Grower
New South Wales, Australia
Transforming ideas into 
marketplace solutions
Through the European Institute of 
Innovation and Technology’s (EIT) Food 
Accelerator Network, Cargill joins other 
corporate partners to help cutting-edge 
startups turn their ideas into market-ready 
solutions. EIT’s programs have been 
instrumental in supporting the more than 
1,500 startups transforming the food 
industry through technology, sustainable 
practices, and new business models. 
In addition, projects funded through EIT 
Food’s Impact Funding Framework are 
expected to contribute to an estimated 
20 million MT of CO2e reduction in Europe 
within the next 15 years. 
Tim Gainsford (right), canola grower, and Ben Fargher (left), 
Senior Director, Sustainability — Agriculture and Trading APAC, 
New South Wales, Australia.
19
Impact Report 202519
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 20 ===
Understanding risk scenarios
Climate change presents both physical and 
transition risks to Cargill’s global operations and 
supply chains. To prepare for these challenges, 
we analyze how various climate scenarios could 
affect our business through 2050.
Physical risks include extreme weather events, 
rising temperatures, and shifting precipitation 
patterns, which can disrupt agricultural production, 
food processing, and the global logistics systems 
that move food from farms to markets. These risks 
are especially significant as climate variability 
directly influences crop yields, planting and 
harvesting schedules, and the availability of 
essential raw materials. 
To better understand our exposure to physical risks, 
we’ve assessed three potential global warming 
scenarios: low warming (2°C), intermediate 
warming (3°C), and high warming (4°C).
This analysis helps us anticipate long-term 
impacts, identify vulnerable facilities, and develop 
targeted strategies to reduce risk and maintain 
business continuity.
Transition risks stem from the global shift toward 
a low-carbon economy. These include regulatory 
changes such as carbon pricing and expanding 
disclosure requirements, as well as shifting consumer 
expectations around traceability and low-emission 
products. To prepare for these changes, we’re 
developing innovative climate-smart solutions in close 
collaboration with customers, partners, and suppliers.
In parallel, we evaluate our facilities for exposure to 
physical climate risks, with detailed assessments for 
larger sites to help prevent disruption and damage 
from extreme weather. Together, these efforts help 
ensure that we can continue to grow and move 
food more sustainably, even in a rapidly changing 
environment. For more information on climate risk 
mitigation and adaptation, please see our TCFD index.
IN PRACTICE
United States
Partnering to reduce plastic and emissions
Cargill is partnering with Walmart to make everyday essentials more sustainable — including the 
packaging that holds them. In 2022, we began working together to decrease total plastic and 
increase the use of post-consumer recycled material in polyethylene terephthalate (PET) bottles. 
Following extensive collaboration and packaging redesign, Cargill’s edible oil business is now 
using post-consumer recycled material in all of its PET bottling. 
This change has significantly reduced the amount of virgin plastic and associated emissions 
from the supply chain, with a 48-ounce bottle now made with 30% less virgin plastic than before. 
The redesign saved more than 1.1 million pounds of virgin plastic in the first year alone, which 
equals an estimated 1,300 MT of GHG emissions eliminated. 
20
Impact Report 202520
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 21 ===
Feeding a growing world requires more than 
just growing food sustainably — we also have to 
move it sustainably. At Cargill, we’re investing 
in solutions to reduce emissions across the 
transportation system, from sea to sky.
Over 80% of world trade — including food 
and agricultural commodities — is moved by 
sea, making ocean shipping a critical area for 
decarbonization. One of the most promising 
innovations is wind-assisted propulsion 
(WAP), which can cut fuel use and emissions 
significantly. Together with our partners, 
Cargill is trialing three WAP installations 
on our chartered vessels: WindWings® 
technology developed with BAR Technologies 
on Pyxis Ocean, Anemoi rotor sails on TR 
Lady, and Econowind VentoFoil® sails on NBA 
Magritte. During 2024, these vessels completed 
24 voyages, making stops at numerous ports 
and gathering important learnings for using 
these technologies. 
CONNECTING THE DOTS
Global
How agriculture and wind technology are advancing 
lower-emission transportation
We’re also investing in sustainable 
aviation fuel (SAF) to reduce emissions from 
air transport. In partnership with farmers and 
the Forever Green Initiative at the University 
of Minnesota, we’re researching oilseed 
crops like winter camelina and pennycress, 
which grow between seasons and can be 
used to produce lower-carbon fuel. Given 
their high oil content, there is an emerging 
revenue opportunity for farmers to grow them 
as cash crops, driven by rising demand for 
low-carbon intensity feedstocks. The seed 
oil can be refined into drop-in replacements 
for low-carbon transportation fuels, such as 
SAF and renewable diesel. In 2024, SAF made 
from winter camelina was delivered to the 
Minneapolis-St. Paul (MSP) airport and helped 
fuel MSP’s first-ever commercial flight powered 
in part by SAF. 
21
Impact Report 202521
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 22 ===
Land 
and Water 
2.5 million 
acres engaged in regenerative 
agriculture practices across 
North America since 2020
91 billion
liters of water restored — 
93% through regenerative 
agriculture practices
1,580 metric tons
of water pollutants reduced
350,000+
people reached with 
improved access to safe 
drinking water and sanitation 
around the world since 2020
The future of food depends on the resiliency of the earth’s natural 
resources. Productive farmland, thriving forests, and clean, available 
water are all essential to nourishing the world in a safe, responsible, 
and sustainable way.
By partnering with farmers, communities, customers, and 
non-governmental organizations (NGOs), we’re scaling solutions 
that protect ecosystems; improve water access and quality; and 
reinforce the agricultural foundation that billions of people depend 
on. Together, we’re working toward a more resilient food system that 
supports people and the planet for generations to come.
22
Impact Report 202522
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 23 ===
Our 
approach
At Cargill, we take a connected approach 
to land and water — recognizing that 
how we manage natural systems, grow 
food, and support farmers is deeply 
linked. Our work is grounded in science, 
shaped by local context, and focused on 
delivering measurable benefits for farmers, 
communities, and ecosystems alike.
Throughout our operations and supply 
chains, we advance solutions that work 
to improve soil health and water retention, 
reduce emissions and runoff, and boost 
productivity. We pursue these goals 
through innovative technologies, strategic 
partnerships, and aligning environmental 
outcomes with economic opportunity to 
create shared value across agriculture, 
ecosystems, and economies.
Land
Our integrated approach recognizes that ecosystem 
health and food security aren’t competing goals — 
they’re mutually reinforcing elements of a resilient 
food system.
We take a risk-based approach that identifies 
where deforestation and conversion are most 
likely to occur so we can take action across our 
high-priority commodities and regions. At the 
same time, we continue to support regenerative 
practices that strengthen soil health, biodiversity, 
and climate resilience. 
Farmers remain central to this work. Through 
targeted programs and partnerships, we help 
connect them to the tools, training, and incentives 
they need to adopt practices that support both 
environmental and economic outcomes.
Learn more in Supply Chain Sustainability.
Rising global food demand can only be met through farming practices 
that nurture both people and the planet. Farmers know their greatest 
asset is healthy, resilient land — and preserving it ensures future 
harvests for generations to come. ”
Roger Watchorn
Executive Vice President,
Agriculture and Trading
Cargill
Traceability for the European 
Union Regulation on 
Deforestation-free Products
Cargill shares the European Union’s 
desired outcome of combating 
deforestation and forest degradation 
linked to agricultural commodities 
and products. When the law goes into 
effect, all Cargill flows into Europe will 
meet European Union Regulation on 
Deforestation-free Products (EUDR) 
traceability requirements.
23
Impact Report 202523
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 24 ===
PARTNERSHIP HIGHLIGHT
South America
Leveraging geospatial technology to reduce deforestation
Cargill is working to eliminate deforestation and land conversion from its direct and indirect supply 
chain of key row crops in Brazil, Argentina, and Uruguay by the end of 2025, focusing on soy, corn, 
wheat, and cotton.
To support this effort, we are leveraging the World Resources Institute’s (WRI) geospatial expertise that 
combines satellite technology, open-source tools, and analytical methods to monitor land use change. 
This collaboration focuses on monitoring land use in Cargill’s supply chains, providing insights that 
strengthen our monitoring capabilities, transparency, information sharing, supplier management, and 
feedback mechanisms to advance progress toward our work to eliminate deforestation and conversion. 
WRI’s work with Cargill is vital to achieving our shared goals and 
driving innovation of global tools that help tackle some of the 
biggest challenges facing the food and agricultural sector. It 
leverages our collective strengths, with WRI’s cutting-edge research 
complementing Cargill’s on-the-ground action, to accelerate 
progress toward deforestation- and conversion-free supply chains. ”
Craig Hanson
Managing Director of Programs
WRI
PARTNERSHIP HIGHLIGHT
United States
Measuring biodiversity on cattle ranch lands
In partnership with Conservation Science Partners, Cargill is evaluating the biodiversity 
benefits of our sustainability programs on active cattle ranch lands in the U.S. Great Plains. 
The project is analyzing how ranch management strategies and local environmental 
conditions influence native animal species, with the goal of identifying ways to enhance 
wildlife habitat while maintaining working lands.
Findings will help guide future conservation efforts and offer valuable insights to the 
scientific and grasslands conservation communities.
24
Impact Report 202524
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 25 ===
Landscape programs strengthen our deforestation-free (DF) and deforestation- and conversion-free (DCF) commitments 
by taking a holisitic approach that looks across and beyond our own supply chains. These efforts also help strengthen 
food security through coordinated action at the regional level, often in areas facing shared deforestation risks. Working 
together, companies, governments, financial institutions, NGOs, local communities, and Indigenous peoples are able to 
address environmental and social challenges in ways no single actor could achieve alone.
This collaborative work reduces risks that can disrupt food production while building long-term resilience. By aligning 
environmental protection with local livelihoods, conservation supports — rather than competes with — the communities 
who grow our food, helping maintain both healthy ecosystems and more reliable food supplies. Below is a global map of 
landscape programs contributing to our DF and DCF commitments, along with our partners helping bring them to life.
MALAYSIA
Southern Central Forest Spine
Earthworm Foundation
INDONESIA
Siak Pelalawan
Proforest, Daemeter, Jejakin 
Hindoli
Fortasbi
Ketapang
IDH, Fortasbi, JDE
North Sulawesi Biodiversity Conservation
Wildlife Conservation Society
BRAZIL
Trans Amazonian Cocoa Landscape
Earthworm Foundation 
Tomé Açu Micro-Region Landscape
Earthworm Foundation
Soft Commodities Forum Farmer 
First Clusters
Multiple partners
COLOMBIA
Forest4Water Lebrija River Basin 
landscape program
Proforest 
Intel4Value landscape program
Solidaridad
MEXICO
Holistic Program
Femexpalma and Proforest
La Encrucijada Program
Earthworm Foundation
Global landscape programs
Palm Cocoa Soy Coconut
In general, the primary focus of landscape programs covers four areas: 
1. Minimizing impacts and advancing restoration of forests, peatlands, and natural ecosystems 
2. Supporting smallholders and local communities to strengthen livelihoods 
3. Upholding labor and land rights 
4. Promoting more sustainable farming practices
Some programs have specific focal areas such as water, agroforestry, and biodiversity conservation.
CÔTE D’IVOIRE
Cocoa & Forests Initiative: 
Community-based Agroforestry 
& Green Project, PUR, Agromap, 
FOA S.A.R.L.
GHANA
Cocoa & Forests Initiative:
Community-based Agroforestry & 
Green Project, Natural Resource 
Management, PUR, CSIR-FORIG
25
Impact Report 202525
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 26 ===
Advancing regenerative 
agriculture
A more food secure world starts on the farm. 
Regenerative agriculture practices — like cover 
cropping, reduced tillage, grassland restoration, 
and rotational grazing — can reduce emissions, 
enhance biodiversity, improve soil health and water 
retention, limit runoff and erosion, and help crops 
withstand extreme weather.
The benefits are clear, but adoption isn’t always easy, 
requiring time, resources, and risk tolerance from 
farmers. That’s why Cargill supports the transition 
to regenerative agricultural practices through a 
combination of financial incentives, inputs, and on-
the-ground training — delivered through programs 
and partnerships in more than 16 countries. These 
include SustainConnect, BeefUp, ReSolu, and 
Cargill RegenConnect™ , which support a range 
of production systems from row crops to beef. We 
design these programs to evolve alongside the needs 
of customers, farmers, and the broader market.
A 2024 survey of U.S. farmers participating in 
Cargill RegenConnect found that 75% reported 
yield benefits, 95% observed reduced erosion, 
and 85% saw improvements in water infiltration. 
These on-farm gains demonstrate the tangible 
value of regenerative practices and their potential 
to strengthen farm resilience.
At scale, these changes support broader 
environmental outcomes — from healthier soils 
and cleaner water to more resilient farms and 
surrounding ecosystems. We are working to 
advance regenerative agriculture practices across 
10 million acres of North American agricultural land 
by 2030.
PARTNERSHIP HIGHLIGHT
Côte d’Ivoire
Embedding agroforestry into cocoa supply chains
Nestlé, in partnership with Cargill and PUR, 
is advancing a transformative 25-year 
agroforestry initiative in Côte d’Ivoire, one 
of the world’s most critical cocoa-producing 
regions. This ambitious program builds on 
years of foundational work and represents a 
strong focus on regenerative agriculture and 
climate resilience.
The first phase of the project, structured as an 
8-year agreement, aims to distribute between 
1.1 and 1.3 million trees for on-farm planting 
across cocoa cooperatives linked to Nestlé 
and Cargill’s supply chains. These trees are 
not only vital for restoring biodiversity and 
improving soil health, but also for enhancing 
farmer livelihoods through diversified income 
sources — such as selective timber harvesting 
and fruit tree cultivation — and long-term 
carbon sequestration. This in turn reduces 
the pressure to expand cocoa production into 
areas of natural forest.
Now in its third year, the project has already 
begun to take root in local communities. 
Activities are being implemented under 
a community-based agroforestry and 
carbon validation framework, with 
PUR providing technical expertise and 
on-the-ground coordination.
By embedding agroforestry into the heart of 
their cocoa supply chains, Cargill and Nestlé 
are empowering farmers to adapt in the 
face of climate change so they can continue 
to grow food in a way that supports their 
livelihoods, the natural environment, and 
cocoa production.
2.5 million  
acres1
1.1 million 
acres
1 This figure reflects cumulative acres engaged in one or more regenerative agriculture programs supported by Cargill since 2020. An Engaged 
Regenerative Agriculture Acre is a unit of agricultural land actively managed using regenerative practices enabled through Cargill’s direct engagement — 
either directly with farmers and ranchers, or through partners supported by Cargill. Engagement may include financial investment, technical assistance, 
or farmer and rancher training. Only acres where Cargill has played a role in enabling or influencing regenerative practices are counted toward our goal.
880,000 
acres
2024 20252023
Regenerative acres advanced
26
Impact Report 202526
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 27 ===
The Regenera Cerrado project has played a leading role by generating 
scientific evidence that strengthens producers’ confidence in adopting 
regenerative practices, contributing to the transition toward more 
sustainable agriculture in the Brazilian Cerrado. ”
Dr. Eliana Maria Gouveia Fontes
General Coordinator
Regenera Cerrado
PARTNERSHIP HIGHLIGHT
Brazil
Studying the benefits of regenerative practices
Regenera Cerrado is a research initiative 
focused on understanding the impacts of 
regenerative agriculture practices in soybean 
and corn production systems across Brazil’s 
Cerrado biome. The project aims to establish 
a scalable model that can be applied across 
the supply chain to encourage broader 
adoption among growers.
Early research results point to promising 
outcomes. Practices such as using bio-inputs 
— natural products like beneficial microbes or 
organic compounds that improve soil health 
and reduce the need for synthetic fertilizer 
— and maintaining native vegetation buffers 
near crops were linked to a 44% reduction 
in certain fungal diseases. The findings 
also suggest that while transitioning from 
conventional to regenerative systems 
requires upfront investment, regenerative 
practices can reduce production costs and 
increase margins over time. That economic 
benefit can ease pressure to expand 
soy production into native vegetation — 
supporting wider adoption of regenerative 
agriculture while also advancing Cargill’s 
goal to eliminate deforestation and land 
conversion in our South American soy 
supply chain.
PARTNERSHIP HIGHLIGHT
United States
PepsiCo and Cargill 
join forces to scale 
regenerative farming
Cargill and PepsiCo are partnering to advance 
regenerative agriculture across 240,000 
acres of Iowa farmland from 2025 through 
2030, focusing on our shared corn supply 
chain. Through this effort, both companies 
aim to support farmer livelihoods, build supply 
chain resilience, and help scale sustainable 
agriculture across the region.
Implementation will be led by Practical 
Farmers of Iowa (PFI), a trusted nonprofit with 
deep roots in the Midwest farming community. 
Participating farmers will receive tailored 
agronomic guidance, incentive payments, 
and access to technical resources to support 
their transition to regenerative practices. 
These practices are designed to improve soil 
health, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, 
and strengthen long-term productivity.
The collaboration contributes to PepsiCo’s 
goal to drive the adoption of regenerative, 
restorative, or protective practices across 
10 million acres globally by 2030. It 
also supports Cargill’s goal to advance 
regenerative agriculture on 10 million acres of 
North American farmland by the same year. 
This demonstrates how value chain partners 
can work together to drive impact from the 
ground up.
This collaboration among PepsiCo, 
Cargill, and Practical Farmers of Iowa 
creates shared value and long-term 
sustainability that we believe will 
strengthen our business today and in 
the future. ”
Jim Andrew
Executive Vice President, 
Chief Sustainability Officer
PepsiCo
Credit: Practical Farmers of Iowa
27
Impact Report 202527
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 28 ===
Water
Water is essential to producing the food we eat. 
With roughly 70 percent of the world’s fresh 
water used for agriculture, we must find ways to 
safeguard this shared resource — especially as 
climate change drives more droughts, floods, and 
water stress across key growing regions. 
Cargill’s global ambition is to enable a water 
positive impact across our operations, supply 
chains, and communities by 2030, focusing 
on water availability, water quality, and access 
to safe drinking water, sanitation, and hygiene 
(WASH). While we act across our full value chain, 
the greatest opportunity to create impact is in our 
agricultural supply chains, which represent more 
than 90% of our water footprint. We work with 
farmers, ranchers, and local partners to implement 
water-efficient practices, protect ecosystems, and 
build resilience where it’s needed most. 
Our approach builds on two pillars: avoid and 
reduce, and restore and regenerate. Through 
avoid and reduce, we focus on efficiency — helping 
farmers prevent pollutants from reaching rivers 
and lakes by improving nutrient uptake, reducing 
field run-off, and advancing precision irrigation. In 
our own operations, we recycle water and optimize 
wastewater treatment to lower withdrawals and 
reduce pollutant loads. 
Through restore and regenerate, we focus 
on ecosystems — building soil health through 
regenerative agriculture and advancing 
large-scale projects such as wetland restoration 
and agroforestry. By combining efficiency with 
nature-based solutions, we are strengthening 
water resilience for agriculture, communities, 
and ecosystems.
1 Water Stewardship Program implemented means at least 90% of the 
defined water stewardship practices are implemented at the location. 
For more information on supply chain water goal accounting and our 
priority facilities, please go here and here. 
2 Cargill defines a water positive impact as effectively improving 
watershed health by addressing the shared water challenges of 
availability, quality, and access to safe drinking water, sanitation, 
and hygiene (WASH), using an approach that is informed by our 
footprint and the severity of local water challenges.
This year, we enabled: 
91 billion liters 
of water restoration
1,580 metric tons 
of water pollutants reduced
350,000+
people reached in communities where we 
live and work, enabling improved access to 
safe drinking water and sanitation
Our goals: 
Operations:  
Implement the Cargill 
Water Stewardship 
Program at all priority 
water facilities 
by 20251
Supply chains:  
Enable the restoration of 
600 billion liters of water and 
reduction of 5,000 MT of water 
pollutants in water-stressed 
regions by 2030
Communities:  
Enable improved drinking 
water and sanitation, 
reaching 500,000 
people in priority 
communities by 2030
28
Impact Report 202528
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 29 ===
Water in our supply chains 
and communities
The vast majority of Cargill’s water footprint 
lies in our agricultural supply chains, where we 
believe we have the greatest opportunity for 
impact. Our supply chain water strategy focuses 
on building resilience by partnering with farmers 
and ranchers to optimize irrigation, improve 
nutrient management, and support the adoption of 
regenerative agriculture practices. These efforts 
are complemented by programs and partnerships 
that protect and restore grasslands and aquatic 
habitats, improve water quality, and enhance 
biodiversity in water-stressed regions.
In parallel with our supply chain efforts, Cargill is also 
working to drive positive change at the community 
level. Access to clean, safe water — as well as 
adequate sanitation and hygiene — is essential for 
people to thrive. While global progress continues, 
water insecurity remains a critical challenge 
across many regions. Through targeted, locally-led 
programs and partnerships, we’re working to expand 
WASH access and help strengthen community 
health and resilience.
Water in our operations
Across our operations, we are working to reduce 
water use, strengthen measurement and reporting, 
and ensure access to clean water and sanitation 
for employees and contractors. All Cargill facilities 
are required to meet the standards outlined in our 
Water Management Program, which establishes 
the minimum expectations for compliance, 
monitoring, and continuous improvement in 
water management.
Building on that foundation, 68 priority water 
facilities — identified based on water stress 
exposure and water usage, together accounting 
for more than 80% of our total operational water 
footprint — are implementing Cargill’s Water 
Stewardship Program. This program consists of 
three key elements:
• Enhanced measurement and monitoring of 
water use and discharge, with integration into 
operational reporting, performance reviews, and 
target setting
• Implementation of sustainable water 
management practices, including benchmarking, 
mapping water use, and identifying shared 
challenges within local watersheds
• Understanding the broader water context, 
including facility water balances, rate structures, 
and engagement with external stakeholders.
68
priority water facilities have implemented1 
the Cargill Water Stewardship Program.
1 Water Stewardship Program implementation is defined as having at 
least 90% of the specified water stewardship practices implemented 
at the facility.
IN PRACTICE
Global
Improving water efficiency 
and quality across our 
global operations
As part of our water stewardship program, 
Cargill facilities around the world are 
implementing industry-leading approaches 
to improve water quality and reduce 
freshwater use: 
• Our facility in High River, Alberta, 
uses a state-of-the-art membrane 
system to treat and purify wastewater, 
reducing pollutants and minimizing 
the risk of algae blooms that can harm 
plants and wildlife in nearby wetlands. 
The system minimizes any impacts 
to critical habitat for migratory bird 
species in Canada, demonstrating how 
operational innovation can support 
local ecosystem health.
• In our Orleans, France, poultry facility, a 
refrigeration system upgrade replaced 
evaporative condensers with a system 
that only uses water during peak 
temperatures, resulting in a 65% 
reduction in water consumption. 
• Across our protein business in Thailand, 
targeted process improvements helped 
reduce water intake by 8% per unit of 
production, contributing to better water 
efficiency in a region facing increasing 
water stress. 
29
Impact Report 202529
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 30 ===
I followed every irrigation 
recommendation to a T and 
grew the best cotton I’ve ever 
raised on these fields. ”
Danny Parker
Participating Cotton Farmer 
PARTNERSHIP HIGHLIGHT
United States
Bringing water-saving technology  
to cotton farms
The Mississippi Delta region — home to the 
third largest area of irrigated cropland in 
the U.S. — has seen a significant decline 
in ground-water levels, making it a priority 
region for innovative water management 
solutions. We’ve partnered with Australian 
company Goanna Ag to bring precision 
irrigation technology to cotton farms in 
the Delta, a major cotton-growing region. 
This system uses sensors, satellite imagery, 
and crop data to help farmers make more 
informed decisions about when and how 
much to irrigate — aiming to optimize crop 
yields, reduce water withdrawals, and lower 
operational costs. In 2024, participating 
farmers achieved over 6% higher water 
productivity and used at least 10% less 
water per acre.1 We are initially piloting the 
program with a select number of cotton 
growers in Missouri, Tennessee, Arkansas, 
and Mississippi, in areas of water stress or 
aquifer decline.
PARTNERSHIP HIGHLIGHT
Global
Improving access to safe drinking water  
with Global Water Challenge
Through Cargill Currents, our partnership 
with Global Water Challenge, we’ve helped 
improve access to safe drinking water and 
sanitation for more than 150,000 people 
since 2021 across Brazil, Ghana, Cameroon, 
and Côte d’Ivoire.
Cargill Currents demonstrates the power of 
strategic partnerships in addressing critical 
water challenges. Solutions are co-developed 
with community stakeholders and tailored to 
local needs — combining infrastructure like 
solar-powered water systems with programs 
such as school-based WASH education and 
training to support ongoing operation and 
maintenance of these resources.
With a focus on empowering women and 
improving public health, the program 
strengthens not just infrastructure, but 
long-term resilience — helping communities 
build and sustain safe water and sanitation 
access well into the future. This work directly 
contributes to Cargill’s goal of improving 
access to safe drinking water and sanitation 
for 500,000 people by 2030, demonstrating 
how collective action can create lasting 
change in water-stressed regions worldwide.
1 Measured as yield per volume of water applied.
30
Impact Report 202530
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 31 ===
Water is essential to growing food and 
sustaining life. It’s also a shared resource under 
increasing pressure from climate change, 
pollution, and overuse. 
In 2025, Cargill helped restore 91 billion 
liters of water across our global supply 
chains, equivalent to the annual water use of 
800,000 people. Of that impact, 93% is from 
regenerative agriculture practices. By improving 
soil health, these methods help hold more water 
in the ground, reduce runoff, and keep water 
clean — providing lasting benefits for farms, 
communities, and ecosystems.
Cargill is also advancing industry alignment 
on water stewardship. In August 2024, we 
published a water position paper outlining our 
methodology for quantifying, attributing, and 
tracking supply chain water targets. 
Cover crops, typically planted between 
harvests, keep soil covered year-round. 
Their roots act like living sponges, helping 
the soil absorb and store more water while 
CONNECTING THE DOTS
Global
How regenerative practices protect and restore water
preventing erosion that can carry sediment and 
nutrients into rivers and lakes (see Advancing 
regenerative agriculture).
Agroforestry integrates trees into croplands 
and pastures, creating natural barriers that slow 
water movement and protect soil from erosion. 
Deep roots help store more water and nutrients 
in the soil (see Embedding agroforestry into 
cocoa supply chains).
Rotational grazing is a land management 
method where ranchers frequently move 
livestock across different pasture areas, 
allowing each section to rest and regrow. 
This approach helps restore grasslands, whose 
deep roots help retain water in the soil and 
naturally filter it — improving water quality 
over time (see Measuring biodiversity on cattle 
ranch lands).
Together, these practices show how 
regenerative agriculture can play a powerful 
role in restoring water resources across 
agricultural landscapes.
31
Impact Report 202531
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 32 ===
People
At Cargill, we are powered by people — our supply 
chain, farmers, customers, communities, and the 
155,000+ employees around the world working to 
meet our business goals. Across the globe, we focus 
on their safety, well-being, and prosperity so that 
we can achieve our purpose of nourishing the world. 
87% 
of employees have positive levels 
of engagement
7.7 million 
farmer trainings delivered 
since 2017
36.2 million 
people reached through the 
Hatching Hope program since 2018
32
Impact Report 202532
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 33 ===
Health 
and safety
At Cargill, our most important commitment is to 
the health and safety of our people. That’s why 
we implement robust health and safety policies 
and practices that foster safer, healthier work 
environments to support the overall well-being 
of our teams. By fostering safer, healthier work 
environments, we support the overall well-being of 
our teams.
Equally, our customers rely on us to consistently 
deliver safe, high-quality food products. Through 
rigorous standards and quality control processes, 
we work to ensure every product meets our 
safety expectations.
Keeping our people safe
Cargill’s workplace health and safety policy is 
centered around the critical work and associated 
risks our teams encounter every day. We identify 
and eliminate workplace risks through data-driven 
analysis and systematic planning, and when risks 
cannot be eliminated, we implement reliable 
controls to ensure safe work execution. In addition, 
we encourage employees and contractors alike to 
speak up or act when appropriate to address unsafe 
conditions or situations. 
Our Environment, Health, and Safety team sets 
our global health and safety policy, which complies 
with all relevant occupational health and safety 
requirements. Our executive team, as well as 
business leaders across the company, are held 
accountable to key safety performance indicators, 
which are reviewed regularly at multiple levels 
within our business. 
Foundational programs like LIFEsavers, Safe to 
Start, and See/Say/Stop support our ongoing 
efforts to eliminate serious injuries and fatalities. 
Reportable injury frequency rate (RIFR)
At Cargill, we continuously improve and refine 
our safety practices to deliver on our goal of 
sending everyone home safely every day. Since the 
launch of a formal ergonomics program in 2009, 
North America has achieved a 69% reduction 
in ergonomic reportable injury frequency rate 
(e-RIFR) and a 67% decrease in total reportable 
musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs). These results 
demonstrate not only the program’s long-term 
effectiveness but also its continued relevance 
and sustainability. In recent years, the integration 
1.19
our company-wide RIFR1 in 2025
1 RIFR: As defined by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health 
Administration, the reportable injury frequency rate measures total 
recordable injuries per 200,000 hours worked. This metric at Cargill 
includes all injuries, not just those that result in lost workdays. 
Our 
approach
People drive agriculture forward. We know 
that our employees, farmers, communities, 
and customers expect us to create a positive 
workplace and stable supply chains. We 
take an integrated approach to keeping our 
employees and customers safe, advancing 
farmer livelihoods, and addressing human 
rights to continue building a more resilient 
food system.
Safe to Start
Safe to Start is a global safety program 
that uses data and the experiences of our 
people to identify critical work risks and 
eliminate them, or implement rigorous 
controls, so the work can be done safely. 
In Thailand, for example, Cargill installed 
automated opening systems for tanker 
truck lids, allowing employees to operate 
the bulk-truck lids from the ground rather 
than working at dangerous heights. 
of advanced technologies, ongoing competency 
development, and stronger employee engagement 
have helped maintain and reinforce these 
gains, embedding ergonomics into everyday 
operations. These improvements result from 
more rigorous training and competency building, 
academic partnerships, technology solutions, and 
employee input.
33
Impact Report 202533
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 34 ===
Advancing food safety 
and quality
At Cargill, food safety means maintaining the 
highest standards so our products support the 
health and well-being of people and animals. 
We advance food safety through comprehensive 
collaboration with partners, an approach that is 
fundamental to our values at Cargill and essential 
for maintaining customer and consumer trust. 
Our strategy centers on standardizing, automating, 
and modernizing food safety, quality, and regulatory 
processes. This focus drives three outcomes: 
improving compliance, reducing incidents, and 
streamlining how we manage risk. 
We leverage innovative technology-enabled tools 
that simplify operations and enhance real-time 
decision-making. For example, the Cargill Hazard 
Alert System™ is a modern, data-driven tool that 
leverages multiple data sets to detect emerging risks 
to help both Cargill and customers stay ahead of 
food safety concerns before they impact consumers.
Our responsibility extends beyond our company to 
all consumers. As an industry leader, we actively 
share best-in-class practices and insights from our 
tools and systems to strengthen food safety across 
the sector.
Food Safety Awards
• McDonald’s Global Digital Award
• Cargill Kurkumbh plant received 
15th CII Food Safety Award
Workforce
Cargill is at its best when we create an 
environment where every employee can grow, 
contribute, and thrive. Nourishing the world 
is a big responsibility, and we need the best 
talent and a world-class culture to deliver for 
our customers and communities every day. This 
includes our commitment to ensure all employees 
have access to opportunities and feel a true sense 
of belonging at work.  
Employee attraction, 
engagement, and retention
We create a workplace where well-being and 
belonging fuel engagement, helping us attract and 
retain top talent and build high-performing teams 
equipped to reach their full potential.
Inclusion is part of who we are and how we 
work. For leaders, this means embedding skills 
like allyship, coaching, performance-based 
feedback, and psychological safety into leadership 
development. And since everyone plays a role 
in creating an inclusive workplace, we provide 
educational opportunities and offer nine global 
business resource groups open to all employees to 
foster community and connection. 
Global BRG events generated more than 5,400 
learning hours across the organization during fiscal 
year 2025, raising awareness, sparking curiosity, 
and building greater understanding. In addition, 
Appreciating our employees
Recognizing and celebrating our people is a powerful way to strengthen engagement and retention 
across our global workforce. 
Cargill’s Breakthrough Awards celebrate teams delivering breakthrough innovations for our 
customers, employees, and the communities where we live and work, enabling us to deliver on our 
strategy while demonstrating our values and behaviors. 
Plant spotlights showcase frontline teams in each global townhall, traveling virtually around 
the world, from a palm plantation in Indonesia to a salmon feed facility on the coast of Norway. 
During the spotlights, we hear directly from our teams about how they are advancing safety, 
inclusion, and sustainability at their locations while engaging employees, serving customers, 
and supporting communities.
our fourth annual Day of Inclusion engaged over 
7 ,500 employees across five continents in more 
than 20 languages.
We believe career growth should be accessible 
to everyone. We are proud partners in the 
Global Alliance for YOUth — a business-driven 
movement of like-minded organizations, created 
and co-founded by Nestlé, to help young people 
around the globe gain the necessary skills to thrive 
in the world of work — today and tomorrow. Along 
with other partners, we’ve helped provide over 40 
million professional development opportunities for 
people all over the world ages 18 to 29, including 
job experience, educational programs, and 
entrepreneurial support. 
Our teams around the world are 
an essential part of the global 
food system. With over 150,000 
employees in 70 countries around the 
world, our strength has always come 
from hiring, developing, and retaining 
the best people, and creating an 
environment where talent, hard work, 
and ambition are met with access and 
opportunity for all. ”
Stephanie Lundquist
Chief Human 
Resources Officer
Cargill
34
Impact Report 202534
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 35 ===
87%
of employees have positive 
levels of engagement
Fortune 100 average is 81%1
80%
of employees agree that we are 
creating an inclusive workplace
Fortune 100 average is 74%1
Employee engagement survey results
1 Fortune 100 comparisons reflect the results of the 26 Fortune 100 companies that are part of Perceptyx’s client base. 
Perceptyx is the third-party vendor that manages Cargill’s employee engagement survey.
Training and development
Cargill invests in our people, because when they 
grow, our business grows, too. Together with 
our global businesses and functions, we identify 
the most strategic development needs to create 
high-performing teams that drive business results.
This year, we launched three new cohort-based 
leadership programs, which cover a broad range of 
topics, including building high performing teams, 
feedback and accountability, financial acumen, 
inclusive leadership, and talent development. 
We created learning opportunities for AI skill 
development with over 5,000 participants so 
far and GenAI adoption rising to an average of 
1.4 million prompts per month. In addition, we 
continue to make high-quality learning resources 
available to 100% of our professional workforce 
through our comprehensive digital learning 
platforms, which enable employees to customize 
their learning at their own pace. 
For our frontline plant employees, Cargill delivered 
more than 500,000 training hours in quality, safety, 
and operational excellence in 2025. We also 
reached more than 23,700 employees through 
learning opportunities focused on creating a more 
inclusive workplace.
Embedding inclusion into our 
talent practices
• Our hiring practices include diverse 
selection panels and training to help 
make hiring, feedback, and promotion 
processes more consciously inclusive. 
• Our employee engagement 
practices enhance belonging by 
regularly listening to what matters 
to our employees and managers 
and empowering them with 
resources to consistently live our 
values and behaviors. 
• We integrate bias checks in 
performance management and talent 
discussions to prompt reflection 
and accountability in critical 
decision-making moments like 
performance reviews, succession 
planning, and leadership development.
3,400+
leaders trained worldwide on creating safe, 
inclusive, and engaging workplaces while 
driving high performance
1.1M+
training hours 
completed  
globally
5,000+
employees 
trained in using 
generative AI
35
Impact Report 202535
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 36 ===
Well-being
Cargill works to provide equitable, flexible, and 
inclusive benefits and well-being offerings that 
meet the diverse and evolving needs of our 
employees. The wide variety of programs help 
employees care for themselves and their loved 
ones, face unexpected challenges, and create 
long-term wellness. The company’s well-being 
programs focus on the following four areas:
Our range of programs helps employees and their families cover essential and unexpected health 
needs. For example, in 2025 we introduced a new program through Hinge Health that offers access to 
virtual physical therapy and personalized exercise therapy for eligible U.S. employees and their families 
who suffer from muscle and joint pain. 
Physical 
well-being
At Cargill, we provide employees time to rest and recharge and flexible options to manage their 
day-to-day lives and support their loved ones. We design our workplaces to foster open communication 
and collaboration, and our digital employee experience platforms enable connections across global 
employees. In addition, we recognize our employees through our comprehensive, customizable toolkit 
for local engagement and recognition. 
Cargill actively supports and encourages employees to volunteer time and expertise to the communities 
where we live and work. Employees can use their paid volunteer time off benefit, which contributed in 
part to more than 77 ,000 global employee and alumni volunteer hours last year. That’s the equivalent of 
more than 8.5 years of time invested into local communities.
Social 
well-being
Our benefits
Our company recognizes the importance of providing competitive, fair and equitable pay and benefits, 
including a living wage that supports our employees and their families. It’s the reason why we continuously 
evaluate and adapt our offerings as our employees’ needs evolve. In times of personal crisis or disaster, our 
Cargill Cares Employee Disaster Relief Fund provides additional financial assistance to help employees 
manage unexpected hardships. Available to all active part-time and full-time employees globally, the fund 
supports short-term recovery needs such as temporary housing, food, or transportation. Since 2020, it has 
awarded more than 42,000 grants — made possible by contributions from both Cargill and our employees.
Financial 
well-being
Cargill offers free, confidential mental health programs for employees and their families, as well as 
training and resources to help identify and address their personal needs. Besides offering global 
Employee Assistance Program (EAP) resources such as stress management, legal assistance, financial 
coaching, and more, Cargill extended its global EAP services to include post-employment counseling 
for individuals affected by workforce reductions. 
In 2025, Mental Health Awareness Month at Cargill focused on the theme Turn Awareness into Action, 
using the ASK (acknowledge, support, and keep in touch) approach. Employees around the world 
shared how they will ASK to support the mental health of themselves and others, posting their pledge 
to the psychological well-being community of our company’s digital employee experience platform, 
reaching over 53,000 colleagues.
Mental 
well-being
36
Impact Report 202536
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 37 ===
Human rights
At Cargill, we put people first, reach higher, and do 
the right thing. That includes protecting the human 
rights of those whose lives and livelihoods are 
connected to our business — across our operations, 
supply chains, and the communities where we live 
and work. We are guided by respected international 
standards, including the United Nations Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights, the 
International Bill of Human Rights, and the 
International Labour Organization’s Fundamental 
Principles and Rights at Work. We are also a 
signatory of the United Nations Global Compact. 
In addition to our codes, policies, and procedures 
to manage risk, Cargill also completes risk 
assessments, takes preventative measures, and 
remediates risk as needed. We have been working 
to enhance our due diligence processes  for our 
own operations and supply chains to identify 
and manage risks. This includes developing a 
methodology of due diligence for risk management 
in countries and value chains where we operate that 
present particularly high, systemic risks, and as 
required by applicable laws. Since certain countries 
pose heightened human rights risks, such as child 
and forced labor, we employ digital analytics and 
field assessments to preemptively identify, mitigate, 
and remediate these concerns. 
Our approach aligns with Cargill’s Human 
Rights Policy, Supplier Code of Conduct, and 
internationally recognized frameworks, including 
the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, 
the OECD-FAO Guidance for Responsible 
Agricultural Supply Chains, and the OECD-FAO 
Business Handbook on Deforestation and Due 
Diligence in Agricultural Supply Chains. 
Read Cargill’s Human Rights and Environmental 
Due Diligence Policy, which outlines our process 
for identifying and managing human rights and 
environmental risks.
Securing futures in 
cocoa regions
Securing birth certificates for children in 
cocoa-growing communities enhances 
access to education, helps reduce child 
labor, and lays the foundation for long-term 
economic success — benefiting not just 
individual children, but entire communities.
Since 2018, our collaboration with local 
authorities, cocoa cooperatives, and other 
partners in Côte d’Ivoire has supported 
the creation of systems for early birth 
declaration in remote communities — 
significantly boosting birth registration 
rates. These efforts have enabled the 
issuance of over 20,000 birth certificates 
to date, including approximately 1,000 in 
fiscal year 2025.
This work is one of many ways we’re 
advancing education opportunities 
for youth in cocoa-growing regions — 
including through our partnership with the 
International Cocoa Initiative.
37
Impact Report 202537
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 38 ===
Human rights due 
diligence process
Cargill’s Human Rights Due Diligence (HRDD) 
process involves a four-step approach to 
identify and assess, act, track, and report human 
rights risks. 
In prioritized regions and supply chains, we begin 
by identifying risks tied to geography, commodity, 
and sector. Based on that analysis, we conduct 
deeper assessments to evaluate specific supplier 
and operational risks. These results inform how 
we develop action plans with suppliers, address 
potential issues in our own operations, define 
preventive strategies, and maintain high standards 
of safety, sustainability, and compliance.
Cargill’s salient human rights issues:
• Forced labor
• Child labor
• Land rights
• Fair wages and working hours
• Worker voice
• Health and safety
• Equity and women’s empowerment
Human rights governance and policy framework
1
 2
 3
 4
Annual review
Act
Implement time-bound action 
plans for all high-risk suppliers 
after concrete risk assessment
Prevention and remediation
Track
Measure results and track 
implementation
Monitor progress
Report
Communicate on impact and 
results of action plans
Modern slavery reports 
and other HRDD-related  
communications
Identify and assess
Identify potential and actual 
adverse impacts and assess 
risk, prioritizing salient  
human rights issues
Risk assessments and  
supplier engagement
Human rights due diligence process
Reporting and analytics
We monitor our progress, identify areas of improvement, and report 
outcomes. This allows us to compare initiatives, track salient issues, and 
ensure that our actions are data-driven and aligned with our values.
Training and capacity building
Our employee training is designed to build awareness and capability across 
relevant teams, educating on the HRDD process. 
Communications
We actively share information about our policies, risk assessments, and 
progress on salient issues, both internally and externally, supporting 
transparency with both internal and external stakeholders. 
Stakeholder engagement
Cargill engages with employees, customers, policymakers, suppliers, 
and communities to understand their priorities and, where possible, 
incorporate their input into our decisions and initiatives.
38
Impact Report 202538
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 39 ===
Access to clean water and sanitation is a powerful enabler 
of opportunity — especially for women and girls. Around the 
world, they are most often responsible for collecting water 
and caring for family members when waterborne illness 
strikes. Improved water access can translate into greater 
time and opportunities for education, work, and leadership. 
At Cargill, we partner with organizations advancing gender 
equity through water, sanitation, and hygiene (WASH) 
solutions tailored to community needs — transforming water 
from a daily burden into a foundation for empowerment.
Global Water Challenge (GWC)
Through Cargill Currents, a joint initiative between 
Cargill and GWC, more than 50,000 women and girls 
in Brazil and West Africa have gained improved WASH 
access since the program launched in 2021. These 
improvements support better health, save time, and enable 
income-generating activities. 
Water.org
In Indonesia and the Philippines, small, affordable loans 
have helped households — many led by women — build 
toilets and install water pumps, improving safety and health 
and freeing up time for work and family. Cargill’s support has 
helped Water.org’s financial partners mobilize $8.3 million 
in loan capital, enabling more than 27 ,600 loans reaching 
more than 150,000 people with improved access to WASH 
solutions — a market-based approach to scaling access 
while building financial inclusion.
CONNECTING THE DOTS
Global
How improved water access unlocks opportunity
Women + Water Collaborative
As a member of the Water Resilience Coalition’s (WRC) 
leadership committee, Cargill supports the WRC ambition to 
enable equitable and resilient WASH. Through the Woman 
+ Water Collaborative, Cargill is working with WaterAid and 
other WRC members to improve access while embedding 
gender equity throughout design and delivery. The initiative 
focuses on women’s agency, leadership, and long-term 
resilience across critical watersheds in India. Since the start 
of the project, the collaborative has helped reach more than 
65,000 people with safe drinking water and trained more 
than 2,000 women in leadership, health, hygiene, and water 
governance skills.
39
Impact Report 202539
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 40 ===
Farmer livelihoods
Our goal: 
To provide training on sustainable 
agricultural practices and improve 
access to markets for 10 million 
farmers by 2030
Farmers are at the heart of agriculture and food production. When they succeed, we all do. 
We partner with farmers around the world in three key areas:
Profitability of the farm
We work with farmers to increase their productivity and sales, make farms more 
efficient, expand access to finance, and better manage risk.
Inclusion in the supply chain
We support land rights and tenure and work to reduce barriers to market access 
for a broad range of producers.
Resilience of the farm
We help farmers build long-term resilience to climate change and other shocks 
and stresses through the adoption of regenerative agriculture practices and 
improved animal health and welfare.
Increasing farm profitability
Around the world, we look for ways to increase 
opportunities for farmers to grow their businesses. 
Our approach to improving household income includes 
on- and off-farm activities like income diversification, 
entrepreneurship, and empowering women.
Supporting opportunity 
and resilience
At Cargill, we support farmers in building more resilient 
operations — so they can better manage disruptions 
and maintain stable production, even in the face of 
climate change, market shifts, or other system shocks. 
These efforts not only strengthen individual farms, but 
also help ensure continuity across the supply chains 
we all depend on. Our programs and partnerships 
are designed to strengthen resilience through better 
practices, stronger farmer organizations, and improved 
access to tools, training, and markets.
• Through our strategic Living Income partnership 
with IDH: the Sustainable Living Initiative, we are 
developing data-driven solutions to help close 
the living income gap within the Cargill Cocoa 
Promise network.
• For the South American soy supply chain, Cargill 
offers farmers crop inputs, financial solutions, and 
price risk management.
• As part of the ASSIST CocoGrow program in the 
Philippines, Cargill is helping strengthen coconut 
farmers organizations and cooperatives by building 
technical skills and developing financial literacy to 
expand market access.
10 million 
farmer trainings
7.7 million farming 
trainings delivered 
since 2017
2030 goal
40
Impact Report 202540
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 41 ===
PARTNERSHIP HIGHLIGHT
Global
Powering progress through poultry
Launched in 2018, Hatching Hope is a 
global initiative co-created by Cargill and 
Heifer International and implemented in 
partnership with TechnoServe. Hatching 
Hope brings together the expertise of NGOs, 
governments, and the private sector to 
improve farmer livelihoods and strengthen 
food security through the power of poultry. 
Together, our partners help farmers boost 
production, equip local businesses to better 
serve smallholders, and increase consumer 
demand for affordable, nutritious food.
The Hatching Hope partnership has a strong 
global footprint, and we continue to scale to 
new geographies with new partners.
• Reached 36.2 million people to date.
• Grew our network in India through 
partnerships with the Syngenta 
Foundation India and HarvestPlus, 
allowing us to reach new communities and 
complement the ongoing efforts of our 
co-founder, Heifer International.
• Scaled our partnership with One Acre 
Fund, expanding their work to strengthen 
poultry value chains in Kenya and Rwanda.
• Welcomed new partners Venture37 in 
Tanzania, iDE in Zambia, and ASSIST in 
the Philippines to launch projects that will 
strengthen access to high-quality inputs, 
improve production practices, and build 
market linkages.
PARTNERSHIP HIGHLIGHT
Costa Rica | Guatemala | Honduras
Improving livelihoods for farmers and entrepreneurs
Through a long-term partnership with 
CARE, Cargill strengthens market access, 
improves agricultural productivity, supports 
human rights, and provides economic 
empowerment to support small-scale farmers 
and entrepreneurs.
PROSPER III, a three-year collaboration 
with CARE launched in 2022, focuses on 
increasing income generation, improving 
livelihoods, and supporting equality 
for women and girls among small-scale 
producers and microentrepreneurs in Costa 
Rica, Guatemala, and Honduras. The project 
plans to target over 20,000 people directly 
and over 680,000 people indirectly. To date, 
the program’s impact includes: 
• 57 Farmer Field & Business 
schools established.1
• 1,168 farmers connected to Cargill’s 
supply chain.
• 975 farmers reached with technical 
assistance and training from Cargill 
specialists in poultry, pigs, and tilapia.
• 903 women-owned small businesses 
received technical assistance in 
finance, marketing, and planning, 
reaching a total of 4,450 direct and 
indirect micro-entrepreneurs.
These efforts are focused in sourcing 
regions and help strengthen the capacity of 
smallholder farmers and entrepreneurs that 
supply into local and global food systems — 
building resilience from the ground up.
1 CARE’s FFBS is a participatory, women-focused extension approach that helps farmers build skills necessary to increase production; 
access markets and sell at competitive prices; collaborate with each other; and engage in beneficial and efficient decision making.
Our goal: 
To improve nutrition and economic 
livelihoods by reaching 100 
million people by 2030 through 
the production, promotion, and 
consumption of poultry
100 million people
36.2 million 
people reached 
since 2018 2030 goal
41
Impact Report 202541
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 42 ===
Community 
Impact 
Thriving communities are essential to a resilient food 
system. That’s why we invest in the places where we 
operate and source — working alongside our partners, 
customers, and employees to deliver locally-tailored 
solutions that strengthen livelihoods and meet 
community needs. By supporting food access, nutrition, 
and economic opportunity, we help foster a stronger 
workforce, secure supply chains, and create long-term 
shared value.
144 million 
meals provided through our 
corporate giving efforts globally
77 ,000+
employee and alumni global 
volunteer hours
$110 million
invested across 72 countries to 
partners and local communities
42
Impact Report 202542
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 43 ===
Our 
approach
We take a strategic, partnership-driven 
approach to community impact — leveraging 
our supply chain expertise, mobilizing 
employee volunteers, and responding 
in times of crisis. Through targeted 
investments and collaboration, we help 
create lasting impact in the places where 
we live and work. Learn more about our 
approach to food security.
Food  
security
Through strategic philanthropic partnerships, 
we work to strengthen food security by addressing 
both immediate needs and the systemic barriers 
to long-term resilience — supporting healthier 
communities and more reliable food systems.
Food and nutrition are systemic challenges with 
far-reaching impacts for communities, supply 
chains, and global stability. While the world 
produces enough food, barriers like distribution 
gaps, inequality, and climate disruption prevent 
equitable access — especially to foods rich in 
much-needed nutrients. At Cargill, we partner with 
organizations around the world to address these 
root causes — strengthening local food systems, 
supporting farmers, and helping make nutritious 
diets more accessible and affordable.
PARTNERSHIP HIGHLIGHT
Global
Tackling the crisis of global food insecurity
In China, our four-year partnership with 
World Food Program USA aimed to improve 
food security by strengthening corn farmers’ 
incomes and resilience. The initiative 
introduced fertigation technology — which 
delivers fertilizer through irrigation systems 
for greater efficiency — along with financial 
risk management tools and hands-on training 
to help farmers adapt to climate and market 
challenges. It supported nearly 5,000 corn 
farmers, increased incomes for more than 
800 households, and delivered measurable 
results — including yield gains of 8-10.8%, up 
to 30.7% water savings, and a 20% reduction 
in fertilizer use.
Across India, Kenya, Tanzania, and Guatemala, 
we partner with HarvestPlus through the 
NutriHarvest initiative to increase access to 
nutrient-rich foods like iron-enriched beans 
and zinc-enriched wheat. Designed to reach 
communities experiencing micronutrient 
deficiencies, the program is expected to 
benefit more than 119,000 farmers and deliver 
over 17 million nutritious meals — helping 
to make healthy diets more accessible and 
affordable for rural communities while building 
nutritious local supply chains.
In the U.S., we support Feeding America’s 
nationwide network of 200 food banks and 
over 60,000 partner agencies, food pantries, 
and meal programs. Since 1979, Feeding 
America has provided meals to tens of 
millions of people across the U.S., including 
5.7 billion meals just last year. Over our 
38-year partnership, Cargill has contributed 
more than $28 million to the organization, 
including a three-year, $4.9 million grant in 
2022. This latest support includes grants for 
food banks in Cargill’s operating and supply 
chain communities, with a focus on rural 
areas and communities of color facing high 
rates of food insecurity.
Through these and other partnerships, 
we help address both urgent food access 
needs and the long-term drivers of hunger 
— working across the global food system to 
deliver measurable impact where it’s needed 
most. Through this funding, agencies like 
Feeding America were able to contribute 
to the 144 million meals provided to those 
in need.
43
Impact Report 202543
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 44 ===
Global philanthropy 
and volunteerism
We invest in partnerships that advance Cargill’s 
sustainability focus areas — Climate, Land and Water, 
and People — recognizing that progress in these 
areas is essential to the long-term resilience of our 
supply chains. One of our longest-standing global 
development partners is TechnoServe, a nonprofit 
leader in harnessing the power of the private sector 
to reduce poverty. Since 2013, we’ve collaborated 
across nine countries to support smallholder 
IN PRACTICE
United States
Partnering to increase opportunities for youth
Through the Cargill Foundation, we support 
youth in our global headquarters community 
of Minneapolis–Saint Paul, Minnesota, 
by investing in nonprofit organizations 
that expand access to nutritious food and 
educational opportunities, with a focus on 
reaching under-resourced communities.
One of our long-standing partners is 
BestPrep, a Minnesota-based nonprofit that 
equips students in grades 4-12 with skills to 
succeed beyond the classroom — at low or 
no cost to students, teachers, and schools. 
Since 1976, BestPrep has reached more 
than 1.8 million students across the state 
and provided educators with tools to ensure 
youth are college-prepared, work-ready, 
and career-bound. Cargill was a BestPrep 
founding partner, and our employees 
continue to support the organization through 
board service and volunteer engagement. 
Over the past 15 years, about 4,800 Cargill 
employees have contributed nearly 42,000 
volunteer hours through initiatives like 
eMentors and Career Day, an on-site learning 
opportunity for students to explore their 
interests and experience the workplace 
alongside Cargill employees. 
We also support youth opportunity through the 
Taco Bell Foundation’s Live Más Scholarship, 
which helps U.S. students pursue higher 
education and career readiness. Over the 
last decade, the program has awarded more 
than $64 million to more than 3,000 students 
nationwide. In 2025, the foundation marked 
its 10-year milestone by awarding over 
$14 million to more than 1,000 students. 
Cargill employees volunteered as Scholarship 
Scouts, helping to select the next generation 
of Live Más scholars.
These programs not only support youth 
opportunity, but also strengthen the future 
workforce in communities where Cargill and 
our partners operate — creating pathways 
to employment and shared value across the 
supply chain.
farmers, entrepreneurs, and agricultural businesses 
— expanding economic opportunity, improving 
nutrition, and promoting sustainable resource use.
Together, we’ve launched more than 10 programs, 
reaching over 20,000 people, focused on scaling 
regenerative agriculture, expanding access to 
technology and innovation, and strengthening 
inclusive market systems. 
bestprep
Inspire. Educate. Connect.
44
Impact Report 202544
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 45 ===
Our employees in action
Our global workforce seeks to create positive 
change in communities by volunteering their 
time and skills to causes that matter to them, 
from stocking food shelves to planting trees. 
Much of this impact is made possible through 
our nearly 500 employee-led Cargill Cares 
Councils around the world. These groups 
coordinate volunteer efforts and direct 
strategic charitable contributions to address 
the most pressing needs in their communities. 
By leveraging Cargill’s capabilities and local 
partnerships, Cargill Cares Councils help 
channel the time, talent, and passion of our 
employees to make a meaningful difference 
where they live and work.
Over the past year, Cargill employees 
around the world have contributed more 
than $110 million and have volunteered over 
77 ,000 hours of their time and talent. 
In addition, twice a year we celebrate two 
important events, World Food Day and 
Earth Day, by providing opportunities for our 
employees to volunteer, both through their 
Cargill Cares Councils and as individuals.
Learn more about Cargill’s workforce in our 
People section.
77 ,000+
employee and alumni 
global volunteer hours
1,200
relief packages containing essential 
supplies prepared and distributed to 
families impacted by Typhoon Y agi in 
Vietnam in 2024
Crisis response
We stand with communities around the world during 
times of crisis — from wildfires to floods — providing 
both immediate relief and long-term recovery 
support. Our efforts span urgent response, 
strategic partnerships, and employee-driven action 
to help communities rebuild and emerge more 
resilient. In the event of a natural disaster in areas 
where we operate, we quickly mobilize resources 
to assist affected communities. We also match 
employee donations,1 and our Employee Disaster 
Relief Fund is available to support our colleagues 
facing hardship.
In the U.S., we partnered with World Central Kitchen 
(WCK), one of our longstanding global disaster 
relief partners. We provided $25,000 in response 
to Hurricanes Helene and Milton, which caused 
flash flooding, powerful winds, and tornadoes 
across southern U.S. states. This support 
helped deliver nearly 3,000 nourishing meals to 
impacted communities in Florida, North Carolina, 
and Tennessee.
These efforts reflect our continuous focus on 
showing up in times of crisis — through global 
partnerships, local action, and the compassion of 
our people.
1 Employee donation matches up to $1,000. Matching employee 
contributions are only established in North America.
45
Impact Report 202545
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 46 ===
Ethics and 
Compliance 
Cargill’s customers, employees, and communities count on us to 
uphold the highest ethical business practices. We embed ethics 
and compliance into our business and culture, which drives our 
business conduct and strengthens our reputation as a partner 
of choice. From our Code of Conduct to our Corporate Human 
Rights and Environmental Due Diligence Policy, we seek to foster 
trust and transparency. 
46
Impact Report 202546
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 47 ===
Our 
approach
Our shared ethical standards guide us when 
we face ethical dilemmas, and our strong 
focus on compliance drives our business 
conduct throughout the world.
Our 
expectations
Our ethical approach is grounded in our Code of 
Conduct, which includes our Guiding Principles 
and references our compliance policies. The Code 
applies to all employees worldwide, as well as 
anyone acting on behalf of Cargill. Reviewed 
annually, Cargill has had a written Code of 
Conduct since 2012. Our suppliers are expected 
to uphold the same principles, as outlined in 
the Supplier Code of Conduct. If someone has a 
concern about the conduct of a Cargill employee 
or a person representing Cargill, we want them 
to speak up. Our Ethics Open Line is available 
24 hours a day, seven days a week worldwide, 
for confidential reports.
Learn more about ethics and compliance at Cargill.
Our ongoing commitment
Ethics and compliance are embedded in our 
business. Throughout the year, we promote 
compliance messages and share case studies with 
employees. We also provide training on topics such 
as anti-bribery, anti-fraud, data privacy, conflicts 
of interest, and ethical behavior. As part of the 
onboarding process, new employees receive 
mandatory compliance training in their first three 
months. Current employees must complete an 
annual refresher training on our ethical standards 
and compliance expectations.
We expect employees to make ethical decisions 
every day. During our annual Ethics Week in 2025, 
we highlighted the theme of building trust. As part 
of this global campaign, teams around the world 
delved into how building trust helps each other, 
our customers, and the planet. At our production 
facilities and corporate locations, we engaged 
employees in discussions about ethical dilemmas 
Ethics Week 2025
We engaged over 64,000 of our office 
employees through internal social media 
and intranet stories. In addition, employees 
(including our production staff) from more 
than 50 countries viewed our external 
webpage and shared numerous photos and 
videos showing their participation in the 
annual event.
on topics including avoiding conflicts of interest 
and corruption. We also invited employees to share 
their commitment to doing the right thing, and 
thousands of employees posted their statements 
internally and on social media.
In business, strong ethics isn’t just 
checking a box, it’s the foundation of 
long-term success. Making ethical 
decisions means winning the right way 
and considering the bigger picture — 
how our actions impact employees, 
customers, investors, and the 
communities we serve. Since we were 
founded in 1865, we’ve acted on the 
belief that our word is our bond and doing 
the right thing is key to our progress. ”
Rishi Varma
Chief Legal and Compliance Officer 
and Corporate Secretary,  
Chair of Asia Pacific
Cargill
47
Impact Report 202547
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 48 ===
Responsible 
sourcing
Sourcing responsibly is core to how we do 
business — helping us nourish the world in a safe, 
responsible, and sustainable way, while driving 
positive impact across our supply chains. It’s 
also essential to meeting customer expectations 
and emerging regulations. We integrate due 
diligence into our polices and risk management 
practices in our operations and supply chains by 
building transparent, risk-based processes that 
promote human rights, safeguard the environment, 
and strengthen long-term supply chain resilience.
We continue to evolve our approach to responsible 
sourcing by updating policies, processes, and 
frameworks to align with customer needs and 
regulatory requirements: 
• Our Supplier Code of Conduct has been in place 
since 2018 and was updated in 2023. The 
code details our mandatory human rights and 
environmental expectations for all suppliers, 
including Cargill’s right to conduct due diligence 
to ensure compliance. It is incorporated into 
supplier contracts, vendor agreements, and 
referenced in supplier questionnaires, and we 
request that all suppliers acknowledge it.
• Our Human Rights and Environmental Due 
Diligence Policy, formalized in 2023, outlines 
Cargill’s process for identifying and addressing 
human rights and environmental risks within our 
own operations, supply chains, and business 
relationships. It allows our businesses to adopt 
risk-based approaches designed to protect 
people across operations and the supply chain, 
adapted to their local context.
• Our Human Rights Policy outlines the company’s 
commitment to respecting internationally 
recognized human rights across our operations 
and supply chains. It emphasizes the importance 
of treating people with dignity, championing 
action, and protecting both people and the planet. 
We expect our suppliers and business partners to 
uphold these principles and adopt similar policies.
• Our Human Rights and Environmental Grievance 
Process provides a framework for internal and 
external stakeholders to raise concerns about 
human rights or environmental issues relating 
to Cargill or our suppliers. This process aims to 
ensure that complaints are received, addressed, 
and monitored across Cargill’s supply chains 
and our own operations. In response, grievance 
panels review high-risk concerns and ensure 
time-bound actions are in place.
Protecting animal welfare
At Cargill, we prioritize the welfare of animals1 
throughout our operations by embracing 
proven animal science, responsible husbandry 
practices, and recognized industry standards. 
We do not tolerate abusive behavior directed 
at animals and collaborate with farmers and 
ranchers, customers, non-governmental 
organizations (NGOs), academics, scientists, 
and veterinarians to promote best practices in 
animal welfare.
Our approach to animal welfare includes 
strategic research partnerships, such as 
collaborating with Dr. Lily Edwards from 
Colorado State University on a project to 
analyze ideal shade and flooring for beef cattle 
and end-of-life decisions for dairy cattle.
To foster greater awareness and understanding, 
we bring leading voices in animal welfare to our 
teams. This past year, we hosted animal welfare 
advocate Dr. Temple Grandin at our U.S. offices, 
creating valuable opportunities for dialogue 
with our employees and leaders.
We actively engage with a variety of 
organizations, such as the International Poultry 
Welfare Alliance, where we chair committees 
and helped develop the Key Welfare Indicator 
Guides and related online training modules 
in collaboration with the Center for the 
Optimization of Poultry at Fresno State.
We support animal welfare practices that 
improve the health and well-being of farm 
animals. Cargill also helps reduce the risk 
of animal illness and associated economic 
disruption while supporting the long-term 
health of global food systems.
Learn more about Cargill’s animal welfare 
programs and animal welfare index.
1 Animal: farmed animals, excluding insects.
48
Impact Report 202548
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 49 ===
Supply Chain 
Sustainability
Aqua nutrition – 50 Cocoa – 63 Palm oil – 79 Soy – 93
Cargill leverages our size, expertise, and supply chain capabilities in a variety of 
ways to create a more sustainable, food-secure future. The following chapters 
provide a deep dive into the sustainability initiatives of several critical supply chains.
49
Impact Report 202549
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 50 ===
Aqua nutrition
About this chapter
The content in this chapter pertains to calendar 
year 2024 unless otherwise noted. For more 
in-depth reporting on all the topics in this chapter,  
as well as the underlying data, please visit our  
aqua nutrition sustainability website.
50
Impact Report 202550
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 51 ===
26
facilities in 
13 countries
17
dedicated aqua 
feed mills
2,000+
employees
5
R&D innovation  
centers
1.94
million tonnes of 
feed sold in 2024
Supply chain 
overview
Cargill’s aqua nutrition business helps customers 
meet the world’s growing demand for sustainably 
grown fish and shrimp with high-quality feeds 
tailored to each species’ nutritional needs. Our aqua 
feeds account for variation in specific environments 
and markets while supporting the sustainability 
goals of Cargill and our customers.
Nourishing 12 species groups 
Our global brands 
Zhenjiang, China
Rajahmundry , India Dong Thap, Vietnam
Long An, Vietnam
Petchaburi, Thailand
Vijayawada, India
Surrey , Canada 
Coronel, Chile
Duran, EcuadorGuayaquil, Ecuador
Guadalajara, Mexico
Franklinton, U.S.Obregon, Mexico
Bergneset, Norway
Halsa, Norway
Florø , Norway
Westﬁeld, Scotland
Elk River, U.S.
Colaco, Chile
Dirdal, Norway
Rong Khe, Thailand
Engerwitzdorf, Austria
 Coldwater mill  Warmwater mill   Innovation center
 Coldwater  Warmwater
PURINA® and the Checkerboard design are 
licensed trademarks of Société des Produits 
Nestlé S.A. Available outside the U.S. only.
Shrimp
Yellowtail
BarramundiAtlantic Salmon Coho Salmon
Snakehead Crab/Crayﬁsh
Rainbow Trout
Striped Bass
Tilapia
Flounder Alligator
Our feed mills and innovation centers in 2024
51
Impact Report 202551
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 52 ===
Making a positive impact from 
the center of the value chain
Our aqua nutrition business sources upstream 
ingredients, transforms them into nutrient-
rich feeds for global aquaculture production, 
and delivers them to our downstream farming 
customers, who produce the seafood that 
nourishes people around the world.
Thanks to the scale of our operations and our 
central position in the supply chain, we can support 
positive impacts to the food system in multiple 
directions. Backed by our decades of experience, 
technical capabilities, and market expertise, we are 
uniquely positioned to connect supply and demand, 
facilitate the exchange of best practices and 
information, and help our partners up and down the 
value chain work profitably while producing more 
food and using fewer resources.
In our aqua feeds, we use a variety of ingredients 
and work with our suppliers to process materials 
that were traditionally considered waste or co-
products and recapture nutrients back into human 
food chains. Similarly, we use certain lower-value 
co-products like rice bran or wheat gluten, which 
are generated during the processing of rice and 
wheat for direct human consumption. This helps 
reduce the overall environmental impact of our 
feeds and recaptures important nutrients that 
would otherwise be lost to the food chain. Learn 
more about our ingredients and formulation here.
Aquaculture by-products
Wild ﬁsheries products
& by-products
Others
Algae
Insects
Crop products & byproducts
Land animal by-products
T errestrial ingredients
Novel ingredients Cargill’s 
aqua nutrition
business
Marine ingredients
Consumers
Aquaculture
farmers
Processors
Foodservice
Retail &
grocery stores
Helping suppliers work more 
efﬁciently , sustainably , and proﬁtably
Helping customers grow their brands 
and achieve their sustainability goals
52
Impact Report 202552
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 53 ===
Dashboard
The figures on this page are for Cargill’s global 
aqua nutrition business and our 17 dedicated aqua 
feed mills during calendar year 2024. It includes 
both our coldwater and warmwater feeds unless 
otherwise noted. For more in-depth data on these 
and other topics, please visit our aqua nutrition 
sustainability website.
Context on our performance
We strive to produce high-quality aqua feed 
efficiently and in ways that conserve resources 
without sacrificing safety or performance. Over the 
last several years, we have made progress on many 
fronts even as we grow our business and our overall 
feed production.
Forage Fish Dependency Ratio for fishmeal (FFDRm) 
and fish oil (FFDRo): These indices measure the 
ratio of wild-caught forage fish by weight that 
goes into our feeds compared to the estimated 
weight of the farmed fish produced by those feeds. 
If one pound of forage fish in our feed led to one 
pound of farmed fish in our customers’ harvested 
aquaculture, the ratio would be 1.0. Although this 
figure is much higher for coldwater species than 
warmwater species (reflecting the differences in 
fundamental nutritional needs for these species), 
we have shown good improvement in both. For more 
details on how we calculate these indices, visit 
our website.
METRIC 2024 RESUL TS BASELINE % CHANGE
Feed production  
(tonnes)
Coldwater 1,240,000 985,000  
(2017)
+26.1%
Warmwater 759,000 662,000  
(2017)
+14.7%
Total 2,000,000 1,650,000  
(2017)
+21.5%
Forage Fish 
Dependency 
Ratio for fishmeal 
and fish oil
Coldwater FFDRm 0.555 0.60 
(2015)
-7 .5%
FFDRo 1.62 1.84 
(2015)
-12.0%
Warmwater FFDRm 0.111 0.22 
(2015)
-49.5%
FFDRo 0.141 0.15 
(2015)
-6.0%
Share of all marine ingredients  
from certified sources
90.5% n/a n/a
Share of marine ingredients from certified 
sources: We are working to source more marine 
ingredients from certified sources or credible 
Fishery Improvement Projects (FIPs). Our certified 
sources in 2024 included MarinTrust IP , MarinTrust, 
Comprehensive FIPs, and Marine Stewardship 
Council (MSC). Percentages of our marine 
ingredients under each certification are available 
on our website.
53
Impact Report 202553
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 54 ===
Focus areas
Achieving progress across 
many dimensions
We know that positive impact can take many forms, 
and across our global aqua nutrition business we 
seek to improve how we operate and the legacy we 
leave when we go home at the end of the day. We 
take a data-driven approach, making sure we can 
measure our impact and use that information to 
keep learning and achieve even more tomorrow.  
We are focused on making progress in three key 
areas: Product, People, and Planet. We lean on 
Cargill’s global capabilities and the dedication of 
our employees around the world, who strive to 
reach higher every day.
Product 
We are innovating across our 
portfolio in an effort to make 
our products and services more 
sustainable and to help our 
customers raise healthier and 
more productive aqua species.
People 
We strive to create equitable 
workplaces for people across 
our aqua nutrition business and 
safeguard the rights of those in 
our supply chains.
Planet 
We aim for a holistic approach 
to sustainability that will use 
resources more efficiently 
to reduce our impact on 
ecosystems and the climate 
across our value chains.
54
Impact Report 202554
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 55 ===
Every day, we seek to improve the aqua feeds we 
sell. That includes enhancing the sustainability of 
our existing feed ingredients while also working 
to unlock a range of new products and services. 
We aim to provide our customers with high-quality 
products that improve fish health and productivity 
while reducing negative environmental impacts. 
Find additional data on our products here and  
more information on our ingredients and 
formulation here.
Product
At Cargill, we are proud to develop 
high-performing, more sustainable 
aqua feed solutions that make 
a tangible difference for our 
customers. Through collaboration 
and innovation, we are helping 
to build a thriving, responsible 
aquaculture sector that benefits  
both people and the planet. ”
Juan Enrique Rosales,
Managing Director in Chile for  
Cargill Animal Nutrition & Health’s  
aqua nutrition business
Partnering for impact with 
Regal Springs Indonesia
We partner and work closely with our customers 
to support them in achieving their sustainability 
goals. In Indonesia, the aqua feed we are supplying 
to tilapia fish producer Regal Springs Indonesia 
is a great example of this partnership approach. 
The palm oil ingredient in our aqua feeds supplied 
to Regal Springs Indonesia is certified by the 
Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO). In 
addition, we use fishmeal and fish oil certified by 
The Marine Ingredients Organisation (IFFO) to 
reduce risk to the environment posed by the marine 
ingredients used by Regal Springs Indonesia. Our 
carbon footprint measurement for feeds has helped 
Regal Springs Indonesia calculate their own carbon 
footprint in pursuit of greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emission reduction targets.
Using data to better treat  
sea lice
Our research capabilities allow us to develop 
products that help raise efficiency and performance 
for our customers’ farms. They also enable us to 
work with customers to uncover important new 
research for fish health overall. For example, 
in 2024 we shared results from a multi-year 
project with Norwegian fish farmer Hofseth and 
data analysis company Manolin into data-driven 
delousing strategies. By performing an in-depth 
analysis of Hofseth’s production sites, we were able 
to determine which combinations of treatments 
worked best in various conditions — reducing 
lice pressure while minimizing tradeoffs in fish 
performance or other factors. 
Our sourcing policy 
Our supplier management process helps us identify 
and manage potential risks and source high-quality, 
more sustainable ingredients. We require that all 
Cargill suppliers follow our sourcing policy and 
Cargill’s Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Our sourcing policy stipulates that those who sell 
raw materials to us must abide by our sustainability 
principles and have environmental and social 
risk management procedures in place. It sets out 
our expectations on environmental and social 
performance, aligned with third-party standards 
where applicable. Each year, we conduct audits to 
ensure our suppliers meet the requirements. 
55
Impact Report 202555
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 56 ===
Product
Expanding the reach and 
impact of FIPs
FIPs bring together multiple stakeholders in the 
value chain through a coordinated local action 
plan to restore the health of fisheries and make 
them more sustainable. In 2023, the Fisheries 
Improvement Fund (FIF) was established by Finance 
Earth, in collaboration with the World Wildlife Fund, 
to provide an innovative new financing mechanism 
for FIPs. In 2024, Cargill provided a $412,000 
grant to the FIF to drive progress at pace and 
strengthen the enabling environment for FIPs and 
fishery improvements more broadly in India, China, 
and Japan. The goal of the 18-month project is 
to culminate in the launch of new FIPs in at least 
two locations.
In 2024, we also celebrated the launch of a new 
FIP off the coast of Chile, which reached the 
milestone of being registered with FisheryProgress. 
Additionally, after supporting the development of a 
new FIP off the coast of Oman for a few years, we 
were pleased in early 2025 to see this FIP approved 
for registration with the MarinTrust IP program. 90.5%
of our marine ingredients in 2024 were 
from a certified source or a FIP.
A ready supply of more 
sustainable marine ingredients
With time-bound commitments to achieve third-
party seafood certifications and mechanisms to 
verify progress along the way, credible Fishery 
Improvement Projects (FIPs) help fisheries 
transition to more sustainable and responsible 
practices. Our engagement with FIPs helps reduce 
overfishing and supports the effort to ensure 
a steady supply of more sustainably produced 
marine ingredients for our feeds. The key FIPs 
we support adhere to the standards of one of 
the two most respected certification programs: 
MarinTrust or Marine Stewardship Council (MSC). 
FisheryProgress serves as the authoritative registry 
for FIPs and provides guidance on sourcing from 
and supporting these improvement projects. 
Mauritania
Small pelagics, 
purse seine 
(Marin T rust)
Thailand
Multi-species, 
trawl (Marin T rust)
Northeast Atlantic
Blue whiting, pelagic trawl, 
purse seine (Marin T rust)
Peru
Anchoveta, purse seine
(MSC)
Ecuador
Small pelagics, 
purse seine 
(Marin T rust)
Chile (new in 2024)
Araucanian herring 
and Anchoveta, 
purse seine (MSC) 
Oman (new in 2025)
Indian oil sardine, 
purse seine  
(Marin T rust)
Key Fishery Improvement Projects we support
Click on each FIP for the latest progress updates.
56
Impact Report 202556
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 57 ===
100+
female farmers in Ecuador and Mexico 
received training over the last three years 
through our entrepreneurship program.
People
People are at the center of everything we do. A 
safe, supportive work environment enables our 
workforce to deliver the quality goods and services 
our customers expect, while also helping us 
advance our sustainability goals. See page 37 for 
more information on how our company supports 
safeguarding the rights of those in and around 
our supply chains. And see page 14 for the latest 
company data on people.
In addition to being the right thing  
to do, taking care of people 
is essential to maintaining a 
sustainable business. Through our 
practices, policies, and purpose,  
we aim to protect people in and 
around our business. ” 
Benjamin Weis,
Senior Manager of Sustainability for  
Cargill Animal Nutrition & Health’s  
aqua nutrition business
Investing in a safe  
work environment
Across our network of facilities, we are continually 
assessing potential safety risks and upgrading the 
controls we have in place to protect our people. 
For example, at our plant in Coronel, Chile, we 
installed cameras on all forklifts. Powered by 
artificial intelligence, these cameras detect whether 
a person is in the forklift’s path and stop the vehicle 
if needed, adding an additional control beyond 
just the response of the driver. During 2024, the 
team at Coronel also switched from large tables to 
towers segregated behind barriers for integrating 
feed products. This means employees are less 
exposed to injury as large amounts of bulk products 
are processed. For more information on Cargill’s 
commitment to the health and safety of our teams, 
see page 33.
Strengthening access  
to necessities 
We seek to extend positive impact in the 
communities where we operate beyond just our 
business presence. For example, in Thailand we 
work to help schools get access to safe drinking 
water, including through two new projects 
completed in 2024 that benefitted approximately 
100 students in Nakornnayok province. When 
super typhoon Yagi devastated the North region of 
Vietnam, our employees mobilized monetary and 
in-kind donations that reached more than 1,200 
households, while our business donated 10 tonnes 
of aqua feed and 20 tonnes of livestock feed to 
farmers to help them restart production. 
Supporting community 
success in Chile
To help local communities near our facilities stay 
resilient, our team in Chile supported 30 social 
organizations in 2024. Projects improved public 
spaces, created greater access to educational 
resources, and encouraged social activities 
including sports and recreation, among other 
benefits. This is helping improve the quality of life 
and strengthen the social fabric in Coronel, Colaco, 
and Puerto Montt. Find out more about how Cargill 
positively impacts communities on page 42.
Empowering shrimp farmers  
in Ecuador and Mexico
Farmers are our customers, and we succeed when 
they do. We work with shrimp farmers in Ecuador 
and Mexico to help them improve performance 
while using more sustainable practices. This 
includes our Women Entrepreneurs in the Shrimp 
Sector program, which after three years has 
reached more than 100 female farmers with training 
in good farming practices, entrepreneurship, the 
circular economy, and more. In 2024, we expanded 
the program to other women in the aquaculture 
industry. Additionally, our Aquaxcel brand held 
training sessions with 180 farmers in 2024, with 
a focus on nutrition and the factors that drive a 
successful harvest. Learn more about how Cargill 
strengthens farmer livelihoods on page 40.
57
Impact Report 202557
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 58 ===
We seek to drive improvements across our 
operations and supply chains, using resources 
more efficiently and reducing our carbon emissions 
to lower our impact on ecosystems and the climate 
throughout our value chains. These efforts enable 
us to contribute to Cargill’s corporate goals 
(see  page 14) as well as those of our customers, 
their customers, and our suppliers. 
Fully renewable energy  
in Norway
Across our three feed mills in Norway, we have 
completed the transition to renewable energy, 
certified with Guarantee of Origin (GoO) 
documentation, which equates to a reduction of 
approximately 40,000 tonnes of greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions annually. That’s more than half our 
average annual Scope 1 and 2 emissions globally 
for coldwater feeds over the past five years. 
Planet
ASC recognizes Cargill’s  
3S soy program
Cargill’s 3S program in Latin America has 
long been considered a model for continuous 
improvement in more sustainable soy production. 
Soy farmers enrolled in the program in Brazil, 
Argentina, and Paraguay commit to certain criteria, 
including producing soy that is deforestation- 
and conversion-free (DCF). They implement best 
practices on their soy farms related to cultivation, 
regenerative agriculture, and social compliance. 
Now, 3S soy from Cargill is accepted for the 
mandatory raw materials due-diligence process of 
the ASC Feed Standard. This creates a convenient 
new supply of ASC-ready, soy-based feed 
ingredients on the market. Read more about our 3S 
program on page 105 or by visiting the 3S website.
55%+
The amount we reduced 
our Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions in Norway 
in 2024
23.2%
Improvement in our Scope 
1 and 2 GHG intensity 
(tCO2e per tonne of feed 
produced) since 2017
10.6%
Reduction in our  
water use per tonne  
of feed compared  
to 2023
58
Impact Report 202558
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 59 ===
Programs and partnerships
The world is more complex and interdependent 
than ever, and the challenges facing global 
aquaculture demonstrate why collective action 
is needed. We are working closely with a range 
of partners to accelerate solutions. Through 
collaboration, innovation, and partnership, we are 
helping to build a thriving, responsible aquaculture 
sector that benefits both people and the planet. 
Our belief in the need for collective action is why 
Cargill has long worked with multiple stakeholders 
in global aquaculture across a range of 
sustainability topics, strengthening work activities 
and creating greater impact than any organization 
could achieve alone. A leading example of 
this approach is in the sustainability of marine 
ingredients — a focal point in aqua feeds. 
For example, for nearly 20 years we have worked 
with Sustainable Fisheries Partnership (SFP). We 
were an early adopter of SFP’s FishSource program 
to analyze the sustainability of the fisheries in our 
sourcing network. Since 2013, we have provided 
funding for the publication of SFP’s Reduction 
Fisheries Report, which provides important insights 
into the stocks and management of key fishery 
resources. 
Additionally, as members of The Marine Ingredients 
Organisation (IFFO), we worked closely with our 
peers to develop responsible fishmeal and fish oil 
supply chains. IFFO’s continuous tracking of marine 
ingredient production, regulations, and markets 
helps companies like ours develop sustainability 
strategies and work programs to implement them. 
These and other partnerships led to a collaboration 
breakthrough in 2021: the Global Roundtable 
on Marine Ingredients. Established and jointly 
run by SFP and IFFO, the Roundtable comprises 
14 members — Cargill among them — working to 
increase the availability of responsibly sourced 
and produced marine ingredients. These examples 
demonstrate how stakeholders working together 
across an ecosystem of organizations can more 
effectively drive change.
For a full list of our partnerships, visit our website.
14 multi-stakeholder partnerships
We are actively involved in numerous 
organizations while also partnering across 
the industry and with customers to advance 
sustainability for global aquaculture
59
Impact Report 202559
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 60 ===
Continued efforts  
through SeaFurther
Feed is typically the largest component of farmed 
salmon’s footprint. It’s why we created the 
SeaFurther™  Sustainability program, through 
which we can offer tailored decarbonization 
pathways supporting our customers achieving their 
science-based GHG emission reduction goals. 
One of the core ways we do this is by using Cargill’s 
know-how to reduce the carbon footprint of our 
feed ingredients, including using regenerative 
agriculture practices to help reduce the carbon 
emissions in terrestrial ingredients per tonne of 
product. Regenerative practices can help store 
carbon in the soil while also conveying benefits to 
soil health, water quality and use, biodiversity, and 
farmer livelihoods.
In 2024, we continued using regenerative 
agriculture practices in our SeaFurther program 
to reduce the emissions from our raw materials. 
This included working with 86 farmers in the U.K., 
many of whom have participated in SeaFurther for 
multiple years. We also purchased inset certificates 
produced through regenerative agriculture on 
farms in France and Poland from our third-party-
verified internal program Cargill RegenConnect® 
and from external companies like Agreena. In 
total, this covered more than 15,700 hectares of 
wheat and rapeseed that reduced our emissions by 
10,200 tonnes of CO2 equivalents. Although this fell 
short of our 2024 goal, we continue to work with 
customers to achieve greater scale for SeaFurther 
as we continue our path to 2030. Meanwhile, 
we are also investigating bringing SeaFurther to 
additional species beyond salmon. 
Example of reducing harvested fish emissions
SeaFurther’s three pillars
 Raw material mix
 Factory energy us e
 Transport to farm
 Feed conversion rate
 Health, welfare, and mortalities impact
 On-farm energy
Reduced footprint feed
2020 baseline
% change
GHG (kg CO2e per kg fish) 0 .5 1 1.5 2 2.5 3 3.5 4
-20 00 -12 -8 -2
Source
We work with our 
suppliers to develop 
and design our 
feed to minimize 
its carbon footprint 
while delivering 
optimized nutrition.
Optimize
We work with our customers 
to reduce energy use in feed 
production and farming, 
streamline transportation and 
logistics, and tailor our feeds to 
the fish and environments for 
which they are destined.
Care
We develop fish 
nutrition that 
promotes the health 
and welfare of 
farmed fish.
60
Impact Report 202560
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 61 ===
Leading SeaBOS forward 
As a company that takes a science-based 
approach to sustainability, we are proud to be part 
of the Seafood Business for Ocean Stewardship 
(SeaBOS), which brings together eight of the 
world’s largest aquaculture companies with 
leading scientists to support sustainability and a 
healthy ocean. This year, Helene Ziv-Douki, Leader 
of Cargill Animal Nutrition & Health–EMEA & 
Global Salmon, was elected chair of SeaBOS and 
commissioned an assessment of the organization 
to understand how it can be even more impactful. 
Dave Robb, director of sustainability for Cargill 
Animal Nutrition & Health’s aqua nutrition business, 
continued to lead SeaBOS Task Force I on illegal, 
unreported, and unregulated (IUU) fishing and 
labor abuse at sea, where work in 2024 focused 
on aligning SeaBOS’s supply chain standards with 
those of certification programs such as MarinTrust. 
We also continued to support the West Coast 
Africa Keystone Project, which focused in 2024 on 
scientific work to assess supply chain and social 
risks as the basis for future improvements. 
Growing the future of 
sustainable shrimp 
aquaculture
Ecuador has rapidly become the world’s largest 
shrimp producer and exporter. The Sustainable 
Shrimp Partnership (SSP) is a pre-competitive 
ecosystem of Ecuadorian producers and 
stakeholders committed to transforming shrimp 
aquaculture by proving that shrimp can be raised 
responsibly through promoting best practices for 
all aspects of the value chain. In 2024, we joined 
the SSP to collaborate on achieving this goal and 
growing the future of global shrimp aquaculture. 
With these objectives in mind, our product line in 
Ecuador provides a solution to help farmers achieve 
their productivity goals more efficiently — using 
fewer inputs, maintaining healthier shrimp, and 
protecting water quality.
By partnering and working alongside industry leaders, scientists, and policymakers, 
we’re strengthening our collective action and can accelerate progress toward a 
healthier ocean and a strong aquaculture sector. ”
Helene Ziv-Douki,
Leader of Cargill Animal Nutrition & Health – EMEA & Global Salmon
61
Impact Report 202561
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 62 ===
Continuing to advocate for 
progress in the North Atlantic
The North Atlantic Pelagic Advocacy Group (NAPA) 
is taking a market-led approach to FIPs, with supply 
chain businesses including Cargill committing to 
sourcing more sustainable seafood and marine 
ingredients. As blue whiting is significant for us 
in the region, Cargill’s Dave Robb is chairing the 
sub-group on this species. We are working with 
regulators, catching organizations, and other 
buyers of fish to solve a fundamental challenge: 
The coastal states surrounding the North Atlantic 
FIP have not come to an agreement on dividing 
up fishing quotas within scientific regulation. This 
is driving overfishing, and the FIP will expire in 
October 2026, making the need for action among 
governments more urgent than ever.
Tools for measuring and 
reducing carbon
In 2024, Cargill joined the IDH Aquaculture 
Working Group on Environmental Footprint, which 
is working with partners all along the supply chain 
to significantly reduce their carbon footprint for 
species such as tilapia, pangasius, and shrimp. 
Members in the coalition are working together 
to find the best ways to achieve this objective, 
including developing a benchmarking protocol for 
life cycle assessments (LCAs) to help companies 
select the best tools given relevant guidelines  
and standards. 
A first for ASC in Canada
To support our customers producing 
seafood certified by the Aquaculture 
Stewardship Council (ASC), we are gaining 
ASC certification for various feed mills 
in our network. In late 2024, our mill in 
Surrey, Canada, was the first facility in 
Canada’s aqua feed industry to achieve 
this rigorous certification. This year, we 
have worked to get mills in several other 
countries certified to help our customers 
meet ASC’s October 2025 deadline 
requiring ASC-certified farmed seafood to 
use only ASC-certified feed. For example, 
our aqua feed mills in Norway, Scotland, 
Ecuador, Chile, Honduras, and Indonesia 
received ASC certification in 2025. Read 
more about our ASC certifications on 
our website.
62
Impact Report 202562
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 63 ===
Cocoa
About this chapter
The data in this chapter pertains to crop year 
2024-2025 and reflects the activities under the 
Cargill Cocoa Promise, unless otherwise noted. 
63
Impact Report 202563
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 64 ===
We create cocoa and chocolate products that meet 
our customers’ demand for quality, sustainability, 
transparency, and innovation.
• Bringing over 45 years of expertise in the cocoa 
and chocolate industry, our passion for quality 
and innovation has made us the second-largest 
producer of cocoa and chocolate globally.
• We directly source cocoa from five producing 
countries: Brazil, Côte d’Ivoire, Ecuador, Ghana, 
and Indonesia. But our reach extends even 
further, with 19 additional origins where we 
source indirectly. 
• Our 27 state-of-the-art processing facilities 
span the continents, including two in West Africa 
where most of the world’s cocoa is produced. 
• Innovation is at the heart of what we do, with our 
three dedicated cocoa and chocolate innovation 
centers — the Cocoa Development Center in 
Indonesia, the Chocolate Academy in Singapore, 
and the House of Chocolate in Belgium — which 
are hubs of creativity. Here, we blend tradition 
with cutting-edge techniques to create the 
cocoa and chocolate products of tomorrow.
• With over 3,500 employees, we have a depth 
of knowledge in-house, from bean experts 
to chocolatiers.
• Within our direct supply chain, the Cargill Cocoa 
Promise is our sustainability program to help 
farmers and their communities succeed.
Supply chain  
overview
Farmers
Final productsRetail and  
foodservice
Consumer
Farmer organizations  
and indirect suppliers
Warehouse Warehouse
Transport
Shipping GrindFactory
Press
Cocoa liquor
Chocolate
Cocoa powder
Cocoa butter
The journey from farmer to consumer
How we make our products
64
Impact Report 202564
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 65 ===
Focus areas
Delivering on our commitment 
to more sustainable cocoa
We believe that creating lasting benefits for cocoa 
farmers and their communities goes hand-in-hand 
with the success of all the actors across the cocoa 
sector. We approach our commitment to cocoa 
sustainability holistically, recognizing the deep 
interconnections of its challenges. Through our 
position at the heart of the global cocoa supply 
chain, we bridge the gap between farmers, markets, 
and customers through innovative solutions. This 
pivotal position carries both an opportunity and 
a responsibility to drive lasting change. Through 
innovation and evidence-based approaches, 
we deploy robust methodologies and trusted 
technologies for bean-to-bar traceability. Read 
more about our decades-long sustainability  
journey on our website. 
At this moment, our work is as important as 
ever. The cocoa sector is in a challenging phase 
due to the growing impact of climate change on 
crop yields, rising disease outbreaks, and the 
introduction of new regulations requiring greater 
transparency and traceability. As a result, the 
industry is undergoing transformative change, 
further shaped by ongoing price volatility, evolving 
consumer preferences, and the integration of 
new technologies. We continue to collaborate 
closely with farmers, partners, governments, and 
customers, all with the shared goal of fostering a 
thriving cocoa sector for generations to come.
Climate
As a company, Cargill is addressing 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across 
our global supply chains. In cocoa, 
addressing deforestation remains a top 
priority as land-use change from cocoa 
cultivation accounts for approximately 
66% of the Scope 3 emissions in our 
cocoa and chocolate supply chain. We are 
supporting cocoa farmers in adaptation 
and conservation while also making 
continued progress in reducing our 
operational emissions, protecting crucial 
resources, and building solutions for 
our customers. 
Read more
Land &  
Water
Cargill promotes responsible and 
sustainable agricultural land and water 
use. In cocoa, this includes forest 
protection, restoration, and agroforestry, 
as well as better community access 
to water resources. Our efforts also 
include cocoa bean traceability, robust 
polygon mapping and monitoring 
through innovative technologies, and 
programs to grow more cocoa on less 
land. These actions support our goal of a 
deforestation-free supply chain and align 
with Cargill’s GHG emission targets. 
Read more
People
We aim to empower cocoa farmers and 
farmer organizations through technical 
skill-building and access to services 
that help them improve cocoa farming 
productivity and profitability. Our holistic 
approach extends beyond cocoa to enable 
farming households to diversify incomes 
and strengthen resilience. We also work 
with partners to help communities improve 
access to education, expand economic 
opportunities for women, and prevent and 
remediate instances of child labor. 
Read more
65
Impact Report 202565
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 66 ===
Programs and partnerships
The Cargill Cocoa Promise
The Cargill Cocoa Promise is our sustainability 
program to enable farmers and their communities 
to achieve better incomes and livelihoods while 
growing cocoa more sustainably. The Cargill Cocoa 
Promise is implemented in Brazil, Côte d’Ivoire, 
Ecuador, Ghana, and Indonesia. 
Cargill Promise Cocoa ™
Promise Cocoa is Cargill’s premium sustainability 
offering and aligns with industry sustainability 
commitments. Promise Cocoa beans are sourced 
directly from the Promise supply chain with verified 
farmers and farmer organizations in the Cargill 
Cocoa Promise sustainability program. Promise 
Cocoa can either be sourced with Rainforest 
Alliance certification or Promise Cocoa Verified.
Promise Cocoa Verified
Promise Cocoa Verified is Cargill’s independent 
verification scheme. It outlines the sustainability 
requirements that cocoa farmers and supply 
chain actors up to the customers have to meet. It 
is externally verified through third-party audits to 
meet Cargill’s cocoa sustainability requirements. 
Sustainability requirements include that farmers 
have all their cocoa plots polygon-mapped, none 
of their cocoa plots have signs of significant 
deforestation, and none of their cocoa plots are 
located in a protected area.
Multi-stakeholder partnerships 
Sustainability challenges cannot be solved 
by one organization alone. They require 
close public-private collaboration and 
often a pre-competitive environment to 
enable the development of sector-wide 
solutions. Nurturing such collaborations 
is critical for the entire sector. That’s why 
Cargill actively works with a wide range of 
multi-stakeholder initiatives. 
• World Cocoa Foundation
• CocoaAction Brasil
• Indonesia Sustainable 
Cocoa Partnership
• Living Income Community of 
Practice (LICOP)
• Cocoa and Forests Initiative
• Côte d’Ivoire Land Partnership (CLAP)
• International Cocoa Initiative
• Child Learning and Education 
Facility (CLEF)
• The National Platforms for  
Sustainable Cocoa in Europe
• U.N. Women’s Empowerment Principles
• Cocoa Soils
66
Impact Report 202566
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 67 ===
Climate
More sustainable from  
bean to bar 
From farm to consumer, we are driving 
sustainability improvements across every stage 
of the cocoa supply chain. For instance, as cocoa 
butter leaves our processing facilities in West 
Africa, we are increasingly shipping it to Europe in 
large ISO tanks, which has the potential to eliminate 
up to 100 MT of disposable packaging waste each 
month. Find out more about this innovative journey 
to sustainability on our website. 
A methodology for supply 
chain emissions
A consistent approach to measuring Scope 3 GHG 
emissions from cocoa will be key to understanding 
the impact of different solutions — and reporting 
on progress. That’s why we recently supported the 
World Cocoa Foundation (WCF) as it developed 
their GHG Accounting Standard Methodology. The 
new standard is designed to empower companies 
to report consistently and supports reporting in 
accordance with the GHG Protocol’s Land Sector 
and Removals Guidance draft. 
It’s the first accounting standard of its kind for 
cocoa. Cargill contributed to its development by 
providing input through our understanding of the 
GHG Protocol guidance based on the local contexts 
of cocoa in different countries. With WCF’s 
accounting standard now complete, we intend to 
use it to calculate our Scope 3 emissions across  
our cocoa and chocolate product lines. 
Protecting a rich ecosystem
Forests are critical to mitigating the effects of 
climate change while providing important benefits 
to soil, water, and biodiversity. The classified 
forest of Dassioko in Côte d’Ivoire exemplifies 
these benefits. Its diverse ecosystem includes 
hundreds of plant species and endangered animals 
like elephants and marine turtles, yet it has faced 
pressure from human activity for many years. For 
this reason, in 2022 we began working with the 
country’s Ministry of Water and Forests (MINEF) to 
protect Dassioko and promote sustainable cocoa 
farming in the zones bordering it.
In 2025, we reinforced our commitment to 
safeguarding Dassioko by signing a partnership 
with SODEFOR, the agency responsible for 
forest management. SODEFOR will help 
reinforce surveillance of the forest as well as the 
implementation of activities to prevent illegal 
farming and support surrounding communities. 
Reducing our footprint
We continue to implement innovative solutions that 
allow us to operate our facilities more efficiently 
and reduce our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. 
For example, cocoa shells fuel a biomass boiler at 
Cargill’s vegetable oils plant in the Netherlands. 
And since the middle of 2024, all our cocoa 
processing plants in the Netherlands are running 
on over 90% renewable electricity, reducing their 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 45%. Likewise, our 
chocolate site in Mouscron, Belgium, also switched 
to renewable electricity, cutting its Scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 85%.
Innovating indulgence 
alternatives
To meet continued rising consumer demand for 
chocolate products in a more sustainable way, we 
are pioneering new alternatives that complement 
our existing cocoa offerings. This includes 
partnering with Voyage Foods to commercialize 
its patented revalorized grape seed confectionary 
alternatives to chocolate coatings and nut-
based spreads. We have been working closely 
with customers to develop a range of recipes 
and applications for these alternative products, 
while also demonstrating the environmental 
benefits these solutions offer. Through certified, 
international, industry-wide assessments 
— such as Voyage Foods’ ISO-conformant, 
third-party-reviewed life cycle assessment (LCA) — 
we are documenting environmental improvements 
like reduced carbon footprints across the value 
chain. These assessments support sustainability 
reporting from production through to the end 
consumer. Our collaboration with Voyage Foods 
won a Future Foodtech Innovation Award at the 
prestigious Fi Europe event in November 2024, 
and we are currently working together with Voyage 
Foods on the production capacity for these 
alternative products in both the U.S. and Europe.
67
Impact Report 202567
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 68 ===
Land & Water
Collaborating for  
sector-wide progress 
In 2017 , the governments of Côte d’Ivoire and 
Ghana and 35 leading cocoa and chocolate 
companies joined together in the Cocoa & Forests 
Initiative (CFI) to help end deforestation and 
restore forest areas. Through this public-private 
partnership, we have been able to advance our 
commitment to ending deforestation in our  
West Africa cocoa supply chain, while also  
fostering more sustainable cocoa production and 
community engagement. More details about our 
CFI-related activities are available in our latest  
CFI progress report. 
Traceability and  
polygon mapping
Understanding where cocoa comes from and 
where deforestation may occur in our supply chain 
requires robust traceability systems. We continually 
enhance our supply chain transparency through 
GPS polygon mapping. All registered farmers in our 
direct sustainable supply chain require a polygon 
map for their cocoa plots. Field agents are regularly 
trained on how to collect a polygon using a GPS 
application tool. With polygon farm maps in our 
system, we are then able to use barcodes to track 
individual deliveries of cocoa back to the farm plot 
where they were grown. Through CocoaWise™, our 
interactive digital reporting platform, we have been 
providing relevant data in regard to traceability and 
transparency to our customers. 
To further strengthen traceability in our direct 
and indirect supply chain, we have established a 
partnership with Meridia that provides continuous 
verification and quality assurance of farm geodata 
and legality of land use, as well as ongoing 
improvements to our processes. This partnership 
will also help us comply with the upcoming 
European Union Deforestation Regulation (EUDR).
Monitoring deforestation risk
Polygon maps are an essential component of 
monitoring for deforestation using satellite 
data. Our in-house software performs automatic 
deforestation risk assessments every time a cocoa 
farm is mapped or remapped. We overlay polygon 
maps with publicly available geospatial data from 
independent sources like Global Forest Watch and 
government datasets like the Côte d’Ivoire BNETD 
2020 Land Cover Map to assess significant forest 
loss in our supply chain. 
We supplement this monitoring through our global 
partnership with Satelligence, which provides 
Cargill with nearly real-time, satellite-powered 
deforestation risk monitoring across multiple 
supply chains, including cocoa. This work with 
Satelligence will also support our EUDR compliance 
once that regulation takes effect.
100%
of farmers in our Promise supply chain 
in Côte d’Ivoire and Ghana have been 
polygon mapped and are monitored for 
deforestation risk
100%
of mapped cocoa plots in Côte d’Ivoire 
and Ghana show no primary forest loss 
since 2014
68
Impact Report 202568
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 69 ===
A range of benefits  
through agroforestry
Agroforestry is a key component of our approach 
to responsible land use, promoting healthy and 
productive landscapes that protect forests while 
supporting biodiversity and providing ecosystem 
services including carbon sequestration. When 
implemented effectively, it can boost cocoa yields 
and support income diversification for cocoa-
farming households, too. 
Cocoa agroforestry is the integration of cocoa 
cultivation with shade trees, fruit trees, timber 
species, or other crops in the same plot of land. In 
Côte d’Ivoire and Ghana, we collaborate with both 
global and local partners such as PUR, AGROMAP , 
FOA S.A.R.L., and CSIR-FORIG to integrate various 
agroforestry models in the communities where 
we source cocoa. Our agroforestry models range 
from 30 to 100 trees per hectare, providing a mix of 
native and naturalized tree species, including fruit 
and timber trees, tailored to local needs.
We continue to experiment with ways to amplify  
and extend the impact of these agroforestry 
programs. For instance, we are currently piloting 
a more integrated model with PUR where local 
coaches working with cocoa farmers can also 
distribute agroforestry seedlings. This builds 
off our work with PUR that has examined how to 
integrate other components that are beneficial to 
cocoa-growing households, such as cookstoves, 
beekeeping, and informational videos shared at 
community gatherings. 
Enabling access to safe 
drinking water and sanitation
In partnership with Global Water Challenge, 
the Cargill Currents partnership platform helps 
community members in Brazil, Côte d’Ivoire, and 
Ghana with improved water, sanitation, and hygiene 
(WASH) access. It’s part of our ambition to enable 
a water positive impact in our operations, supply 
chains, and communities. By addressing local 
water needs with tailored solutions, Cargill Currents 
has reached over 100,000 people in West African 
cocoa communities and 150,000 people in 87 
communities globally.
Clean water access drives lasting change — 
boosting health, education, and women’s 
empowerment. For example, two schools in Côte 
d’Ivoire received mechanized, solar-powered 
boreholes for better access to drinking water. 
Students no longer need to fetch water from 
distances and so they spend more time in class, 
miss fewer days of school due to sickness, 
and can focus on their learning. Community 
committees — including women in leadership 
roles — have been established and trained in system 
management, hygiene, and maintenance to ensure 
long-term sustainability.
Land & Water
1.13+million
multipurpose trees distributed for 
on-farm planting
14,800 
farmers applying agroforestry
After a while, I started to realize that 
my cocoa was not as good as before. 
The sun has become stronger and 
when the rains fall, they fall very 
hard on a soil that has become very 
dry. I see today that where there are 
still trees, cocoa trees give better. 
So when the agroforestry program 
started in the co-op, I volunteered 
immediately. ”
Damoue Boureima
Cocoa farmer in  
Côte d’Ivoire
100,000+
community members in cocoa-growing 
communities in West Africa have received 
improved access to safe drinking water 
through Cargill Currents 
69
Impact Report 202569
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 70 ===
People
Helping cocoa farmers boost productivity and profitability
Cocoa farmers are facing numerous challenges to their farms’ productivity, including aging trees, pests, disease, 
and limited access to inputs and services. Climate change — including unpredictable weather patterns — 
threatens to compound these issues. Ultimately it impacts their yields and incomes. Our comprehensive approach 
to helping cocoa farmers address these issues includes different elements that build on one another to support 
the long-term success and resilience for farmers.
Innovating to enhance our  
farm services model
We continue to integrate new approaches to 
increase the positive impact of our farm services 
model with cocoa growers. With technical partner 
ecowise, we are piloting two variations on our 
model with farmers in Côte d’Ivoire. Grounded in 
field studies and designed with input from both 
cooperatives and farmers, the two new models 
are trialing different combinations of farmer help 
groups and coaches to provide more hands-on 
assistance in implementing good agricultural 
practices (GAPs), with the target of increasing 
farmers’ yields and income. Farmers are also 
organized in these groups to leverage peer learning 
as well as learning from their coaches. We will 
use insights from the pilots to refine our farm 
services model at scale in ways that help meet our 
customers’ sustainability targets and drive positive 
outcomes for cocoa-farming families.
GAP Training
The foundation 
of our approach, 
covering topics 
such as certification 
requirements, soil 
fertility management, 
productivity, 
and how to use 
agrochemicals.
Farm Services 
Model
Supporting 
farmers and their 
organizations to 
access the goods 
and services they 
need to improve 
productivity and 
profitability, with a 
particular focus on 
addressing the key 
drivers of the cost 
of production.
• Technical training
• Agroforestry
• Professional 
services like 
tree pruning 
and spraying
• High-quality 
inputs like 
seedlings, 
fertilizer, 
and pesticides
• Finance
Coaching
Ongoing one-on-one 
guidance and farm 
visits to help cocoa 
farmers continue 
to implement the 
recommendations 
from their plans, 
evaluating progress 
against key priorities 
and adjusting as 
needed during 
the year.
Farm 
Development 
Plans
Trained coaches 
conduct an 
agronomic analysis 
assessing farm 
conditions and then 
provide tailored 
recommendations 
to help farmers 
improve productivity 
and profitability.
94,000+
farmers received one-on-one coaching
36,600+
farmers using GAPs
70
Impact Report 202570
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 71 ===
How our Living Income  
Application works
Data-driven solutions to  
living income
We worked with IDH, NewForesight, and Deloitte 
(with co-funding from IDH) to build our Living 
Income Application, which enables us to model 
the incomes of cocoa farmers in Côte d’Ivoire 
and Ghana who are part of our Promise supply 
chain. This advanced modeling capability helps 
us understand not just the living income gap for 
these farming households but also the potential 
impact of various targeted interventions such as 
farm services and cash transfers. We can share this 
information with Promise Cocoa customers and 
others to design specific interventions that can  
help them achieve their goals. 
Using the data we collect from the field — which we 
are aligning with the new Cocoa Household Income 
Study from WCF to support industry standards 
and comparability — the Living Income Application 
builds a picture of estimated incomes. This can be 
filtered by cooperative, customer supply chain, 
farm size, household size, and more. The model 
compares this data to benchmarks from the Anker 
Research Institute, which are endorsed by the 
Living Income Community of Practice. It also allows 
us to project the impact of changes to variables 
like yields, premiums, non-cocoa income, and 
more — so we can understand the levers at our 
disposal. Lastly, we can model return on investment 
based on the cost of various interventions, building 
confidence to invest in programs with living income 
as a metric.
People
1.  Collecting data:  We gather key datapoints 
from cocoa farming households in our Promise 
supply chain.
2.  Estimating incomes: The model cross-references 
our data with literature-based assumptions to 
estimate actual incomes.
3.  Comparing to benchmarks: we use benchmarks 
from the Anker Research Institute, adjusted using 
the OECD Modified Equivalence Scale, for a more 
accurate picture of benchmarks in our supply chain.
4.  Conducting sensitivity analysis: Here, the model 
assesses how different variables could impact 
living income. 
5.  Evaluating interventions: We model the impact 
of different interventions as well as their cost to 
determine how to best help customers achieve their 
goals for farmer income.
71
Impact Report 202571
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 72 ===
People
Working with Nestlé to 
raise farmer incomes
As one of the key partners for our customer 
Nestlé’s Income Accelerator Program (IAP) since 
its inception, we continue to successfully scale up 
the program’s reach in our cocoa supply chain in 
Côte d’Ivoire. The program focuses on aiming to 
close the income gap and reduce child labor risks 
in cocoa farming communities, with incentives to 
farmers for good agricultural practices like pruning, 
agroforestry, income diversification activities, and 
school enrollment.
Cargill’s involvement in IAP
10,300+ 
cocoa-growing households enrolled to date
475
farm services groups established to date
15,600+ 
hectares of cocoa farms pruned in crop 
year 2024/2025
Supporting more  
sustainable cocoa in Brazil
Brazil is rapidly becoming a strategic hub in the 
global cocoa value chain. Through the Cargill 
Cocoa Promise, we are helping shape a more 
sustainable and inclusive future for cocoa. 
Across more than 100 municipalities in key 
cocoa-producing states such as Bahia, Pará, 
Espírito Santo, and Rondônia, our programs 
reach more than 1,840 certified farmers, with 
another 250 farmers undergoing the certification 
process. These farmers are part of our Promise 
Cocoa Verified and Rainforest Alliance certified 
supply chain, ensuring traceability, quality, 
and sustainability.
Over the past year, we’ve expanded our 
reach and impact. More than 11,000 hours of 
technical assistance were delivered to farmers, 
complemented by over 70 collective training 
sessions and hundreds of individual visits. Farmers 
gained knowledge in GAPs, environmental 
protection, pesticide management, and human 
rights. As a result, participating farms self-reported 
an average productivity increase of 32% and an 
average income growth of 160%, demonstrating 
the tangible benefits of sustainable farming.
In addition, farmers have received agronomic 
analyses and access to credit for inputs, equipment, 
and infrastructure — addressing key barriers to 
productivity and enabling long-term improvements 
in farm performance. By combining sustainable 
standards, technical support, and access to 
resources, our programs are improving livelihoods, 
preserving biodiversity, reducing deforestation, and 
strengthening rural communities.
72
Impact Report 202572
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 73 ===
People
Supporting women 
entrepreneurs in income-
generating activities
When women are empowered in cocoa-growing 
communities, it can benefit household income and 
food security while reducing incidents of child labor. 
Through our programs with different partners, we 
focus on providing women with financial literacy 
training and other resources so they can become 
entrepreneurs and diversify the income of their 
households beyond cocoa.
Working with CARE in Côte d’Ivoire and Ghana, 
we have focused on helping both women and men 
establish Village Savings and Loan Associations 
(VSLAs) so they can save money and lend within  
the group to start small businesses. In our four- 
year Women’s Economic Empowerment program  
in Côte d’Ivoire, 111 VSLAs helped more than 
3,100 members increase their average annual 
household income by 82%. And through our 
three-year Prosper III project in both countries, 
more than 1,400 VSLAs helped establish over 
4,700 microenterprises.
Likewise, our Awalé project with TechnoServe 
in Côte d’Ivoire has used community-led VSLAs 
to help women from cocoa-growing households 
save money and start businesses. Awalé activities 
helped beneficiaries experience an average income 
increase of 87% as 46 VSLAs supported the 
launch of more than 500 new income-generating 
activities. Money from the VSLAs invested in these 
activities created more than 12 times as much value 
for the beneficiaries. 
Also in Côte d’Ivoire, our partnership with 
SOCODEVI and the Canadian government is 
empowering women and girls in cocoa-growing 
communities by enhancing their access to 
resources and their influence in decision-making. 
Started in 2022, the project is advancing socio-
economic development in these communities by 
connecting 1,100 women and girls to VSLAs and 
income-generating activities, while also enabling 
over 300 to acquire reading, writing, and  
numeracy skills. 
In Cameroon, we support the LadyAgri FemmeForce 
project to empower a vibrant network of women-
led cooperatives and agribusinesses. Since 2022, 
the project has equipped over 2,000 cooperative 
members — who, in turn, have reached more than 
18,000 beneficiaries — with essential tools for 
success: formal registration support, leadership 
and agribusiness training, finance, climate-smart 
food processing equipment, and improved access 
to markets.
Strengthening resilience in  
cocoa-growing communities 
Through a variety of approaches and 
partnerships that reinforce one another, 
we seek to build stronger, more resilient 
cocoa-growing communities. This includes 
supporting diversified on- and off-farm income, 
empowering women, and expanding access to 
education while protecting children.
Partnering with Save the 
Children in Indonesia
We have worked for five years with Save the 
Children in Indonesian cocoa-growing communities 
to help strengthen child protection and access to 
education while also empowering both women and 
men as entrepreneurs through 42 VSLAs. This work 
is often mutually reinforcing, as VSLA participants 
who generate additional income tend to have a 
greater ability to keep their children in school. 
Members also learn more about the risks of child 
labor in their group discussions.
In total, since March 2020, Save the Children 
reports that our work has reached more than 
10,100 cocoa-farming households in the districts 
of Bone, Soppeng, Wajo, and Poso. In addition 
to establishing VSLAs and working to protect 
children, the partnership has also provided cocoa 
farmers with seedlings and training in GAPs.
I never used to think about child 
labor and its risks. But after joining 
this program, I understand now. ”
Risna 
Member of a VSLA in South Sulawesi, 
Indonesia
73
Impact Report 202573
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 74 ===
People
Protecting children in 
cocoa-growing communities
Cargill takes a holistic approach to addressing the 
root causes of child labor, including supporting 
farmer resilience, women’s empowerment, and 
community well-being. Through our strategic 
partnership with the International Cocoa Initiative 
(ICI), we continue to evolve our Child Labor 
Monitoring and Remediation Systems (CLMRS) — 
guided by ICI’s standards. In Côte d’Ivoire, we apply 
a risk-based model that predicts child labor risks 
to guide targeted monitoring and intervention. In 
other countries, our approach is adapted to the 
local context. In Ghana, Ecuador, and Brazil, we 
endeavor to cover all farming households in our 
Promise/Certified supply chain with CLMRS using 
household monitoring organized by Cargill, while 
Indonesia uses community-based monitoring 
systems that are also covered by CLMRS.
Monitoring involves household visits where children 
and their family members in our Promise/Certified 
supply chain are surveyed, alongside awareness-
raising sessions. When child labor or risk indicators 
are identified, we develop tailored remediation 
plans that may include support such as access to 
education, vocational training, income-generating 
12%
more farmers were monitored through 
CLMRS or comparable due diligence 
systems to prevent and address child  
labor, compared to the prior year
activities, or improved community infrastructure. 
Remediation efforts target support at both household 
and community levels, and follow up visits are 
conducted to assess the impact of those efforts. 
Expanding access to education
Improving access to education is a powerful way to 
combat child labor and a key part of our activities in 
cocoa-growing communities. Through our CLMRS, 
we can identify communities at increased risk of 
child labor due to lack of educational infrastructure. 
For example, in Côte d’Ivoire we worked with ICI 
and the country’s Ministry of Education to add 
classrooms and canteens at schools across seven 
communities. As a result, more than 1,000 children 
at risk of child labor will now have better access to 
enroll at school.
As children grow beyond the age of required 
schooling, their families may lack the resources 
to continue their education. Cargill supports 
vocational training programs in Ghana and Côte 
d’Ivoire to expand the career options available to 
young people in those countries. Participants learn 
skills like carpentry, tailoring, and glass fabrication 
from master craftspeople and use these skills to 
earn an income once they are adults. Across Ghana 
and Côte d’Ivoire, several hundred teenagers 
have benefited from this program implemented 
in partnership with ICI and Save the Children, 
respectively, as well as with government agencies.
To increase our impact in expanding access to 
quality education, we have also partnered with 
the government of Côte d’Ivoire, the Jacobs 
Foundation, UBS Optimus Foundation, and 15 other 
chocolate companies to form the Child Learning 
and Education Facility (CLEF). With a goal to 
provide quality education for more than 4 million 
children by 2027 , so far CLEF has trained more 
than 13,900 teachers in evidence-based teaching 
practices to enhance learning outcomes and 
increase school attendance. 
Addressing community-based 
grievances
In Ghana, we have worked with ICI to pilot a 
community-based approach to addressing 
grievances that allows us to more readily identify 
indicators of forced labor on cocoa farms. This 
approach makes it easier for workers to put 
forward complaints when they lack a strong 
support network. Once an issue is raised, both 
parties are invited to speak with a community-led 
committee. These committees have played a key 
role in reviewing and responding to reported issues, 
contributing to increased trust and transparency at 
the local level.
74
Impact Report 202574
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 75 ===
Dashboard
PILLAR ASSURED KPIs DEFINITION
SCOPE OF ASSURANCE: COUNTRY OF ORIGIN 1
Côte d’Ivoire Ghana Global2
1. # of farmer organizations in Cargill Cocoa Promise (CCP) The number of farmer organizations in Côte d’Ivoire/Ecuador, farmer groups in Ecuador, districts  
in Ghana, and cooperatives in Brazil defined as organized associations of farmers in CCP
141 22 167*
2. # of farmers certified through CCP activities The number of farmers that are sustainability certified and take part in at least one Cargill Cocoa 
Promise activity, such as training (sustainable agriculture and environmental management) 
or coaching
144,322 36,743 183,234*
3. # of farmers certified through CCP activities as  
part of our Promise Supply Chain
The number of farmers that are sustainability certified and take part in at least one Cargill Cocoa 
Promise activity, such as training or coaching as part of our Promise Supply Chain
132,926 32,893 167 ,988*
4. # and % of farmers coached The number and percentage of farmers that received one-on-one coaching3 on Good Agricultural 
Practices (GAPs)4
80,383
56%
12,845
35%
94,039*
51%
5. # and % of farmers GAP compliant The number and percentage of farmers that are successfully implementing the Pruning GAP , as 
well as three out of the other four GAPs. The percentage is calculated compared to the number of 
farmers surveyed via our agronomics survey
26,885
34%
9,806
76%
36,691
39%
6. % of farmers using insecticide The percentage of coached farmers that have reported using insecticide on their cocoa farm 86% 91% 87%**
7. % of farmers using fungicide The percentage of coached farmers that have reported using fungicide on their cocoa farm 33% 50% 36%**
8. # of farmer organizations covered by a Child Labor Monitoring 
and Remediation Systems (CLMRS) or comparable due 
diligence system to prevent and address child labor
The number of farmer organizations in Cargill Cocoa Promise in which a CLMRS or comparable 
due diligence system to prevent and address child labor is rolled out
141 22 167*
9. # and % of farmers monitored through CLMRS5 The number and percentage of farmer households that received a CLMRS monitoring visit 89,576
91%
21,968
60%
113,713*
62%*
People
1 Cameroon has been temporarily removed from the Cargill Cocoa Promise network due to a pending legal dispute with our local strategic sourcing partner.
2 Global values reflect combined metrics for Côte d’Ivoire and Ghana, and in some cases also Brazil and Ecuador; a * indicates both are included, while ** means only Ecuador is included.
3 This approach ensures that each farmer receives a personalized visit from a coach, offering tailored guidance and/or training on agricultural and related practices.
4 In Côte d’Ivoire, our GAP methodology has been refined to improve the accuracy of definitions and data calculations. As a result, current metrics are not directly comparable to those reported in the previous year.
5 Percentage in Côte d’Ivoire considers total of farmers identified via Cargill Child Labor prediction model. Percentage for rest of origins considers all farmers under the Cargill Cocoa Promise.
Data in the table below is for crop year 2024-25 (October 2024 
through June 2025). For comparative metrics to understand  
our progress over time, please consult last year’s report. As  
our approach is ever evolving to incorporate new industry 
standards and methodologies, some metrics might not be  
directly comparable due to change in definitions over the years. 
We work with an external assurance provider, KPMG N. V ., to 
provide limited assurance on the selected sustainability KPIs in the 
table below. This assurance applies to our Cargill Cocoa Promise, 
which is part of our direct supply chain and accounts for about 
one-third of the cocoa we source. KPMG N. V . ’s assurance report is 
included on pages 76-77. 
75
Impact Report 202575
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 76 ===
Land &  
Water
PILLAR ASSURED KPIs DEFINITION
SCOPE OF ASSURANCE: COUNTRY OF ORIGIN 1
Côte d’Ivoire Ghana Global2
10. # and % of farms polygon mapped as part of our Promise 
supply chain
The number and percentage of cocoa plots that have been polygon mapped in our  
Promise supply chain
144,790
100%
71,200
100%
217 ,943*
100%*
11. # and % of certified farmers mapped (=fully mapped) part  
of our Promise supply chain
The number and percentage of farmers for which all cocoa plots have been polygon  
mapped and monitored for deforestation in our Promise supply chain
132,926
100%
32,893
100%
166,931*
99%*
12. Hectares of Primary Forest Loss after January 2014 within 
mapped farm polygons part of our Promise supply chain  
(only significant [>0,5 ha] is taken into account)
Total size of Primary Forest Loss from cocoa plots polygon mapped associated with current 
Promise farmers whose cumulative primary forest loss from January 2014 overlaps more  
than 0.5 ha with primary forest baseline of 2001
0 1 570*
13. % of farms with primary forest loss after January 2014  
relative to all mapped farms part of our Promise supply chain  
(only significant [>0,5 ha] is taken into account)
The percentage of cocoa plots in our Promise supply chain with primary forest loss after  
January 2014 relative to all polygon mapped cocoa plots
0% 0% 0%*
14. Hectares of Primary Forest Loss after Dec 2020 within  
mapped farm polygons part of our Promise supply chain  
(all primary forest loss taken into account) 
Total size of Primary Forest Loss from cocoa plots polygon mapped associated with current 
Promise farmers, who have any primary forest loss after Dec 2020 compared to the Primary  
Forest baseline of 2001
0 0 240*
15. % of farms with primary forest loss after Dec 2020  
relative to all mapped farms part of our Promise supply  
chain (all primary forest loss taken into account) 
The percentage of cocoa plots in our Promise Supply chain with Primary Forest loss after  
Dec 2020 relative to all polygon mapped cocoa plots
0% 0% 0%*
16. Farmers applying agroforestry6 Farmers who received multi-purpose trees to plant as a result of participating in  
agroforestry program during crop year 2023/2024
9,309 5,491 14,800
17. Cocoa agroforestry (in ha) Farm area where non-cocoa trees were planted during crop year 2023/2024 16,609 6,386 22,995
18. Multi-purpose trees distributed for on-farm planting Total number of multipurpose trees distributed for on-farm planting during crop year  
2023/2024
872,945 257 ,083 1,130,028
19. # and % of certified farmers delivering volume through First  
Mile Traceability (1ML) within the Promise supply chain7
The number and percentage of certified farmers in our Promise supply chain who have  
delivered cocoa beans through our first mile traceability system
98,752
74%
19,617
60%
120,051*
66%*
20. % of sustainable volume managed through digital First  
Mile Traceability in our Promise supply chain
The percentage of Rainforest Alliance or Promise Verified beans sourced through our first  
mile digital traceability system in our Promise supply chain
100% 100% 100%*
21. % of sustainable cocoa volume sold (per calendar year) 
Jan-Jun 2025
The percentage of cocoa and chocolate products in bean equivalent sold as sustainable 
(Rainforest Alliance, Fairtrade, Promise Verified, or customers’ own programs)
- - 61%
Land &  
WaterPeople
Land &  
Water
6 The agroforestry programs we conduct with our partners for crop year 2024/2025 run until end of September and therefore numbers were not available at the time of creation of this report.
7  Cargill is not sourcing beans from all farmers supported/registered within Cargill Cocoa Promise network. On top of having an RA or PV certification, Cargill has also activated additional measures in Ghana and CIV to exclude, as much as possible, farmers not having all their cocoa plots polygon mapped or showing 
signs of deforestation since December 2014 from our sourcing activities. 
76
Impact Report 202576
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 77 ===
Assurance report 
of the independent 
auditor
To: the Executive Team of Cargill B. V .
Our conclusion
We have reviewed the selected sustainability indicators as included in 
the Cocoa Chapter of the 2025 Impact Report (hereafter: ‘the selected 
sustainability indicators in the Report’) of Cargill B. V . (hereafter 
‘Cargill’) based at Schiphol for the crop-year 2024-2025 up until June 
2025. A review is aimed at obtaining a limited level of assurance.
Based on the procedures performed and evidence obtained, nothing 
has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the selected 
sustainability indicators in the Report are not, in all material respects, 
in accordance with the applicable criteria.
The sustainability indicators in scope consist of the indicators included 
in the Report in the table on pages 75 and 76.
Basis for our conclusion
We performed our examination in accordance with Dutch law, 
including Dutch Standard 3000A ‘Assurance-opdrachten anders dan 
opdrachten tot controle of beoordeling van historische financiële 
informatie’ (attest-opdrachten) (assurance engagements other 
than audits or reviews of historical financial information (attestation 
engagements)). This engagement is aimed to obtain limited assurance. 
Our responsibilities in this regard are further described in the ‘Our 
responsibilities for the examination of the selected sustainability 
indicators in the Report’ section of our report. 
We are independent of Cargill B. V . in accordance with the ‘Verordening 
inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-
opdrachten’ (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, 
a regulation with respect to independence). Furthermore, we 
have complied with the ‘Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels 
accountants’ (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics).
We believe the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our conclusion.
Reporting criteria 
The selected sustainability indicators need to be read and understood 
together with the reporting criteria. The reporting criteria used for the 
preparation of the sustainability indicators are the applied internally 
developed reporting criteria as disclosed in the ‘Dashboard’ on pages  
75 and 76 of the Report.
Cargill is solely responsible for selecting and applying these reporting 
criteria, taking into account applicable law and regulations related 
to reporting.
Materiality 
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality levels 
for each relevant part of the Report / the sustainability indicators 
and for the sustainability information as a whole. When evaluating 
our materiality levels, we have taken into account quantitative and 
qualitative considerations as well as the relevance of information for 
both stakeholders and Cargill.
Limitations to the scope of our review 
The selected sustainability indicators in the ‘Dashboard’ have been 
established with the use of third party data as explained in the notes. 
We do not provide any assurance on the completeness and accuracy of 
third party information.
References to external sources or websites related to the sustainability 
indicators are not part of the selected sustainability indicators itself 
as reviewed by use. Therefore, we do not provide assurance on 
this information.
Our conclusion is not modified in respect to these matters.
Responsibilities of the Executive Team for the selected 
sustainability indicators in the Report
The Executive Team is responsible for the preparation of the selected 
sustainability indicators in the Report is in accordance with the 
applicable criteria as described in the ‘Reporting criteria’ section of 
our assurance report. Furthermore, the Executive Team is responsible 
for such internal control as it determines is necessary to enable the 
preparation of the selected sustainability indicators in the Report is 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Our responsibilities for the review of the selected 
sustainability indicators in the Report
Our responsibility is to plan and perform our review in a manner that 
allows us to obtain sufficient and appropriate assurance evidence for 
our conclusion.
The procedures performed in this context differ in nature and 
timing and are less extent as compared to reasonable assurance 
engagements. The level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance 
engagement is therefore substantially lower than the assurance that 
would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement 
been performed.
77
Impact Report 202577
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 78 ===
We apply the ‘Nadere Voorschriften Kwaliteitssystemen’ (NVKS, 
Regulations for Quality management systems) and accordingly 
maintain a comprehensive system of quality management including 
documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with 
ethical requirements, professional standards, and applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements.
Our review included amongst others:
•  Performing an analysis of the external environment and obtaining 
an understanding of relevant societal themes and issues, and the 
characteristics of the company;
•  Evaluating the appropriateness of the reporting criteria used, 
their consistent application related to the disclosure in the 
sustainability indicators;
•  Obtaining an understanding of the reporting processes for 
the sustainability indicators, including obtaining a general 
understanding of internal control relevant to our review;
•  Identifying areas of the selected sustainability indicators in the 
Report where a material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error, are most likely to occur, designing and performing assurance 
procedures responsive to these areas, and obtaining assurance 
information that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our conclusion;
•  Making inquiries of management and relevant staff at corporate level 
and those responsible for providing the information for, carrying out 
internal control procedures over, and consolidating the data to allow 
reporting on the selected sustainability indicators in the Report;
•  Evaluating the consistency of the selected sustainability indicators 
with the information in the report which is not included in the scope 
of our review;
•  Evaluating the presentation, structure and content of the selected 
sustainability indicators in the Report;
•  Considering whether the selected sustainability indicators as a 
whole, including the disclosures, reflect the purpose of the reporting 
criteria used.
We have communicated with the Executive Team of Cargill regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the review and 
significant findings that we identify during our review.
Amstelveen, 10 October 2025
KPMG Accountants N. V .
D.A.C.A.J. Landesz Campen RA
Partner
78
Impact Report 202578
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 79 ===
Palm oil
About this chapter
This chapter pertains to calendar year 2024  
unless otherwise noted.
79
Impact Report 202579
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 80 ===
Supply chain overview
As a leading producer of palm oil, we strive for sustainable sourcing 
and responsible trading in our operations.
Our palm oil production supply chain includes 
plantations, mills, palm kernel crushing plants, and 
refineries located across the globe.
We uphold high standards on our palm plantations 
in alignment with our Policy on Sustainable Palm Oil, 
including in the areas of human rights, labor issues, 
and an inclusive workforce. We work to minimize 
waste in our operations by identifying opportunities 
to convert byproducts into electricity and soil 
amendments to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions and improve soils.
While we directly purchase some oil from mills, 
most is acquired indirectly through traders and 
refiners. We promote the inclusion of smallholders 
by strategically purchasing via cooperatives and 
independently operated facilities to supply the 
mills we own and operate. This engagement with 
smallholders is particularly significant because 
it supports the creation of a more diversified and 
resilient supply chain that, in turn, empowers 
local communities and provides access to an 
economic engine.
The power of partnership
To help drive transformation in the palm sector, we 
collaborate with stakeholders across the industry 
and public sector to tackle systemic challenges, 
improve sustainability, and unlock changes at scale.
For example, Cargill’s three-year, $4.6 million 
partnership with Solidaridad aims to reach 2,000 
farmers in five countries, including palm oil 
producers in Colombia and Malaysia. Two years 
into this program, our support has allowed for 
more than 1,400 farmers and workers in Malaysia 
and Colombia to receive training on topics such as 
health and safety and sustainable agriculture.
We will also be working with Solidaridad and 
Cenipalma, Colombia’s palm oil research center, to 
estimate the carbon footprint of 100 farms to help 
design emission reduction plans and promote the 
adoption of regenerative practices.
To make our supply chain more resilient, we partner with:
24,700+
smallholders on 50,300+ hectares of land
Cargill owns:
20
refineries
9
mills
3
kernel 
crush plants
9
plantations
 =  Origin countries
Predominantly Brazil, Colombia, Costa 
Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, Indonesia, 
Malaysia, Mexico, Papua New Guinea, 
Peru, and Thailand
 =  Destination regions 
and countries
Australia, Brazil, China, Europe, India, 
Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, 
Russia, Turkey, and United States.
View the location of our mills on our website.
This partnership has helped us 
become better producers, take 
better care of the environment, 
and improve the work on the farm. ”
Reinaldo Marín Marín
Palm producer in Barrancabermeja, 
Colombia, on the impact of working with 
Cargill and Solidaridad
80
Impact Report 202580
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 81 ===
Palm oil supply chain
2024 progress
In 2024, we continued to focus on building the 
resiliency of our third-party supply chain, which 
represents more than 95% of our total production 
volumes. We have partnered with more than 24,700 
smallholders across more than 50,300 hectares in 
our own operations.
Leveraging the latest technologies and third-
party verifications, we have improved traceability, 
made progress toward a deforestation-free supply 
chain, and reduced our operational GHG emission 
footprint through innovative methane-capture 
initiatives. We report progress in alignment with 
the No Deforestation, No Peat, and No Exploitation 
(NDPE) Implementation Reporting Framework (IRF) 
and advance Deforestation and Conversion Free 
(DCF) practices to prevent deforestation, adapting 
to new regulations such as the European Union 
Deforestation Regulation (EUDR) and the German 
Supply Chain Due Diligence Act (LkSG) to improve 
respect for human rights and the environment.
We are actively participating in global sustainability 
platforms such as the Roundtable on Sustainable 
Palm Oil (RSPO) and the Palm Oil Collaboration 
Group (POCG). 
How we seek to protect forests and human rights 
in our third-party supply chain
1,415
indirect mills
289
direct mills
Supplier 
engagement 
Supporting 
smallholders 
Addressing  
grievances
Monitoring and  
verification
Traceability
We approach supply chain sustainability in two key ways:
ASSETS WE OWN THIRD-PARTY PARTNERSHIPS
We require that all suppliers comply with our  
Policy on Sustainable Palm Oil.
View our policy here.
We work with third parties who share our values for 
transparency, traceability, monitoring, verification, 
addressing grievances, supplier engagement, 
landscape initiatives, and smallholder programs. 
We also require that they acknowledge and adhere 
to our sustainability policy.
Key highlights
• More than 35,300 farmers received 
training compared to more than 30,850 
in 2023.
• Our refinery volumes in the “Delivering” 
category of the NDPE IRF increased 
from 74% in 2023 to 89% in 2024.
• More than 40,100 farmers were 
supported through services and 
partnerships, an increase from more 
than 36,800 in 2023.
• To date, Cargill has reduced 235,000 
MT of CO2e from our methane capture 
projects — equivalent to removing 
nearly 25,000 gasoline powered cars 
for a year in the U.S.1
1 Source: Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies Calculator
81
Impact Report 202581
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 82 ===
Our goals
Our purpose is to nourish the world in a safe, responsible,  
and sustainable way.
Protecting and  
conserving forests
As a global leader in palm oil sustainability, we 
aspire to conserve forests, prevent land conversion 
and deforestation, and protect high conservation 
value (HCV) areas, high carbon stock (HCS) forests, 
and peatlands, regardless of depth within our 
global supply chain, through the High Carbon Stock 
Approach (HCSA).
Traceability and transparency
We are committed to maintaining traceability and 
high transparency standards through:
• Alignment with responsible NDPE and 
DCF practices
• Empowering smallholders by improving their 
livelihoods through responsible production, 
maximizing yields, and improving quality
• Respecting and upholding the rights of workers, 
indigenous peoples, and local communities
• Rigorous reporting and third-party 
verified compliance
We offer RSPO, International Sustainability and 
Carbon Certification (ISCC), or equivalent certified 
products in support of customer demands and legal 
requirements. As of January 2024, all customers 
buying palm oil from our U.S. refineries receive 
100% RSPO-certified palm oil sourced from mass 
balance or segregated supply chains.
Respecting human rights
We support human rights and pursue fair treatment, 
safe working conditions, and ethical conduct across 
our global supply chains. This is detailed in our 
Human Rights Policy and is a core aspect of our 
sustainability practices.
Reducing GHG emissions
We supported the company-wide goal of reducing 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 10% by 2025 
(against a 2017 baseline) with reduction efforts at 
our mills, and we continue to pursue opportunities 
for reducing emissions.
PRIORITIES GOALS 2025 2030
Climate
Climate change Support our company-wide 
goal to reduce Scope 1 and 
2 absolute greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions in our 
operations by 10% against 
a 2017 baseline
Support our company-wide 
goal to reduce our Scope 3 
GHG emissions from our 
extended supply chain by  
30% per ton of product, 
against a 2017 baseline
Land &  
Water
Land use 100% traceable to 
plantation (TTP)
All Cargill’s palm refineries’ 
volumes are in the “Delivering” 
category of the NDPE IRF
N/A
Water N/A Enable improved access to safe 
drinking water in our priority 
communities in Indonesia for 
25,000 beneficiaries
Enable a water positive impact 
in water-stressed regions
People
Farmer livelihoods N/A 60,000 farmers supported 
through services and partnerships
Human rights Human rights due diligence 
(HRDD) processes activated 
at 100% of Cargill-owned 
palm plantations
100% of direct suppliers have 
human rights commitments 
in their NDPE policy
100% of direct and indirect 
suppliers have human 
rights commitments in their 
NDPE policy
HRDD processes activated 
at 100% of direct 
suppliers’ operations
100% of indirect suppliers 
have been trained on how to 
create and implement a HRDD 
action plan
Palm sustainability goals
82
Impact Report 202582
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 83 ===
PILLAR SUB PILLAR YEAR GOAL/KPI 2022 2023 2024
Climate
Climate change 2025 Support our company-wide goal to reduce 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 10% against a 
2017 baseline
See Climate section
2030 Support our company-wide goal to reduce 
Scope 3 GHG emissions by 30% per ton of 
product against a 2017 baseline
Land &  
Water
Land use 2025 100% Traceability to Plantation (TTP) 72% 77% 74%
2025 All Cargill’s palm refineries’ volumes are in 
the “Delivering” category of the NDPE IRF
54% delivering 74% delivering 89% delivering
Water 2030 Enable improved access to safe drinking 
water in our priority communities in 
Indonesia for 25,000 beneficiaries
1,193 beneficiaries 3,184 beneficiaries 3,953 beneficiaries
People
Farmer livelihoods1 2030 60,000 farmers supported through services 
and partnerships by 2030
27 ,167 36,817 40,173
Number of farmers who received training 23,149 30,850 35,382
Number of farmers who are certified/verified 
under a sustainability program
9,837 15,652 15,312
Number of landscape programs in which 
Cargill participates
9 8 8
Human rights 2025
100% of Cargill-owned palm plantations 
have activated HRDD processes
100% 100% 100%
100% of direct suppliers have human rights 
commitments in their NDPE policy
72% 82% 79%
We use key performance indicators (KPIs) to monitor progress toward our 2025 and 2030 
goals, as shown in the sustainability dashboard. The 2024 progress column shows our progress 
compared to 2023 and the 2022 benchmark.
1 Referring to all programs registered up to the end of December 2024.
Dashboard
83
Impact Report 202583
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 84 ===
Focus areas
Investing in our owned and 
managed plantations
Our approach
Across our nine palm plantations in South Sumatra 
and West Kalimantan, Indonesia, we aim to uphold 
the highest labor and environmental standards 
in alignment with our Policy on Sustainable 
Palm Oil. Collaborating directly with smallholder 
communities, we support the protection of 
human rights, conservation of peatlands, and 
align our developments with HCSA in an effort 
to maintain environmental integrity. 100% of the 
fresh fruit bunches (FFB) originate from sources 
compliant with our Policy on Sustainable Palm 
Oil and 100% of our operations and surrounding 
communities are covered by a fire prevention and 
awareness program.
Certification
Cargill joined RSPO shortly after it was founded 
in 2004, and we continue to maintain RSPO 
certification for every mill and palm kernel crush 
plant in our operations. Eighty-five percent of our 
plantations and 77% of our managed smallholders 
are RSPO certified. Additionally, our refinery in 
Lampung operates in compliance with RSPO and 
ISCC certifications. One hundred percent of our 
Indonesian facilities remain ISPO-certified with a 
strong chain of custody and compliance.
In 2024, we hosted two customer events at our 
plantations that allowed global food and personal 
care manufacturers to see firsthand how we deliver 
RSPO-certified palm oil and rigorously maintain 
sustainable supply chains.
Reforestation and conservation
To protect and enhance ecosystem quality of 
essential riverbanks in West Kalimantan, we 
launched a riparian land rehabilitation program 
for High Conservation Value (HCV) zones. By 
establishing nurseries and planting a mix of fast-
growing tree species, more than 23 hectares 
of land have been restored so far. Our wildlife 
monitoring efforts have identified 25 protected or 
endangered species in the conservation area, and 
the biodiversity level remains high.
Following a devastating fire that began on a 
neighboring property, we have spent the past 
six years restoring a peat swamp forest in South 
Sumatra. Careful species selection, tree planting, 
and conservation monitoring have resulted in 
significant improvements in biodensity and surface 
water levels to prevent fires.
Additionally, our ongoing involvement in the 
Nanga Lauk community forestry conservation 
project in West Kalimantan supports indigenous 
communities in protecting biodiversity and critical 
ecosystems across more than 1,400 hectares 
through sustainable land use practices and 
compliance monitoring.
84
Impact Report 202584
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 85 ===
Harnessing power from methane
Seven methane capture plants are now operational 
at our mills, collecting methane from our 
wastewater treatment facilities and turning it 
into useable energy. To date, our efforts have led 
to a reduction of approximately 235,000 MT of 
CO2e emissions with the ultimate goal of reducing 
emissions by 270,000 MT . Captured methane at our 
Manis Mata mill provides residential electricity while 
captured methane at our Sei Kerandi mill powers 
the kernel crushing plant operations, effectively 
improving energy access and strengthening grid 
resilience. Additionally, we are actively pursuing 
opportunities to harness methane captured at five 
other plants for beneficial use.
Women’s empowerment
We launched the CARE-Cargill Resilience Building 
for Women in Palm Oil Communities project in 
2022, using a holistic approach to support and 
empower women in South Sumatra, Indonesia. 
As of February 2025, we have reached over 
4,900 people (81% women) directly and more 
than 100,000 people (55% women) indirectly 
with programs that expand economic opportunity, 
empower gender equality, strengthen leadership 
skills, promote good health and nutrition, and boost 
community resilience.
Through the national Women’s Farmer Group 
program, we have continued to support the 
development of nearly 50 all-female groups 
in 13 villages in Musi Banyuasin District with 
approximately 750 members and supported the 
establishment of over 220 gardens with equipment, 
seeds, and extension workers. We promoted 
financial access with 13 women-led Village 
Savings and Loan Associations (VSLAs) with over 
500 members.
Strengthening local communities
Since 2021, we have partnered with Save the 
Children to improve financial well-being, economic 
resilience, and hygiene-related health outcomes 
among local communities in Ketapang District, 
West Kalimantan. Our three-year program focused 
on empowering communities and concluded in 
December 2024, engaging 8,100 direct participants 
and more than 20,000 indirect participants across 
20 villages.
Save the Children  
3-year partnership
Key outcomes
• 45% average increase of participants’ 
incomes, with 35 active VSLAs
• 1,100 youth trained in financial 
literacy, entrepreneurship, and 
vocational skills, with 76% reporting 
improved capabilities
• 5,100 people trained in WASH (water, 
sanitation, and hygiene) interventions 
and empowered to promote good 
hygiene practices in their communities
85
Impact Report 202585
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 86 ===
Traceability
Our approach
We have been using a risk-calibrated approach 
since 2019. We map the fresh fruit bunch supply 
base of palm oil mills and identify areas of higher 
risk for not meeting NDPE criteria based on the 
extent of forest, protected areas, and uncultivated 
peat areas surrounding the mill. We prioritize 
high-risk mills for engagement.
Monitoring and Verification
Our approach
To ensure suppliers are adhering to NDPE 
practices, we use satellite technology to remotely 
monitor and detect any changes to forested 
areas. We verify compliance with our Policy on 
Sustainable Palm Oil using our own guidelines and 
industry frameworks. Cargill is working with Inovasi 
Digital and Satelligence to enhance our robust 
monitoring capabilities in support of our goal to 
be deforestation-free in the palm oil supply chain 
by 2030.
We leverage satellite technology combined with 
precise plantation location data to conduct remote 
monitoring of palm plantations and their adjacent 
areas. This process supports compliance by 
identifying potential indications of deforestation or 
unauthorized activity on peat or forested lands.
Destination markets Palm Palm kernel
99%
traceability to mill level, 
global score
All other markets 100% 100%
China 91% 85%
India 99% N/A
74%
traceability to plantation 
level, global score
Australia/ 
New Zealand 100% N/A
Brazil 89% 79%
China 85% 75%
Europe 87% 78%
India 54% N/A
Indonesia 89% 67%
Malaysia 69% 55%
Mexico 74% 88%
Pakistan 66% N/A
Russia 86% 73%
Turkey 33% 6%
United States 98% 82%
Other markets 85% 85%
KPI progress
In 2024, we made significant strides toward improved traceability. 
100%
of traceable mills covered by 
satellite monitoring
86
Impact Report 202586
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 87 ===
Addressing grievances
Our approach
When an issue is confirmed through our monitoring 
efforts, we take action. For example, when 
deforestation grievances are identified and 
validated, we suspend impacted suppliers and 
work with them to define an action plan with clear 
timelines and milestones.
Our supplier suspension process is outlined in our 
Palm Grievance Procedure.
To address labor and human rights issues in the 
palm oil supply chain, we prioritize engagement 
based on varying levels of severity and impact 
to drive long-term capability and compliance 
improvements. The majority of suppliers and 
mills in our direct and indirect supply chain 
are based in Indonesia, which is the largest 
palm-producing country.
When a supplier is unable or unwilling to make 
progress within the agreed upon timeframe, or has 
repeated non-compliances, we remove the supplier 
from our supply chain.
As articulated in our Palm Grievance Procedure, 
we hold ourselves and our suppliers accountable 
to respond to grievances, set time-bound action 
plans to ensure progress, and close the grievance 
in a timely manner as agreed to by the complainant. 
We do not tolerate retaliation against anyone who, 
in good faith, raises a concern or participates in an 
investigation or whistleblowing.
The following infographic shows an overview of 
Cargill’s active palm-related grievances as of 
June 2025.
KPI progress
Grievances logged
36
direct third-parties
77
indirect third-parties
Addressing grievances
11% Investigation
3% Verification
9%  Developing 
action plan
23%  Monitoring 
implementation 
25% Closed
29% Suspended
12% Investigation
0% Verification
3%  Developing 
action plan
30%  Monitoring 
implementation 
33% Closed
21% Suspended
Labor/
human rights 1
70% Indonesia
17% Malaysia
8% Latin America
4%  Papua 
New Guinea
1% Myanmar
Location of 
grievances
Deforestation
1 Percentages do not total 100% due to rounding of decimals.
87
Impact Report 202587
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 88 ===
Progress
96%
Volumes covered by NDPE policy
93%
Direct suppliers (traders/refiners)  
with NDPE policy
Supplier engagement
Our approach
Our due diligence process was developed in 
collaboration with Daemeter and Proforest to 
enhance our commitment to sustainable sourcing. 
Our process begins with a required questionnaire 
for all suppliers, followed by a thorough verification 
by our team. We continue to improve our 
processes and align with evolving regulations and 
customer requirements.
We enforce third-party suppliers’ compliance with 
our Policy on Sustainable Palm Oil and Supplier 
Code of Conduct through:
• site visits
• assessments
• hands-on workshops
Our actions
Brazil: The Aggregator Refinery Transformation (ART) 
program, in partnership with Earthworm Foundation, 
supports the improvement of Brazilian suppliers’ 
practices to meet our Policy on Sustainable Palm Oil.  
In 2024, we saw continued commitment from 
suppliers to address and close the gaps outlined in 
their action plans, with noticeable progress observed 
during field visits and technical assistance calls. 
A series of training sessions covered topics such as 
human rights and grievance mechanisms.
Colombia, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Guatemala: 
We advanced our work with palm oil suppliers in 
these countries to strengthen our Continuous 
Improvement Program, supporting 10 high-risk 
suppliers to ensure compliance with our Policy on 
Sustainable Palm Oil and NDPE principles. We also 
helped suppliers implement EUDR requirements 
with an emphasis on legal compliance and 
zero-deforestation efforts.
In collaboration with Proforest, we continue to 
utilize our Connected4Change platform to map and 
enable better deforestation analysis. This platform 
aims to collect the necessary compliance evidence 
for EUDR and the Corporate Sustainability Due 
Diligence Directive (CS3D).
Mexico: As part of our Holistic Program for 
Sustainable Palm Oil in Mexico, we carried out 
successful traceability pilot projects across the 
supply base of five mills. The program continues to 
provide technical support and training to all supply 
Supplier 
engagement 
components
chain actors to close remaining gaps and move 
toward full traceability compliance. Additionally, 
our team engaged 100% of direct and indirect 
suppliers to ensure alignment with our responsible 
sourcing requirements. Read more about the 
Holistic Program on page 91.
Malaysia: We continued working with Earthworm 
Foundation on a mill-level engagement framework 
to enhance adherence to our Policy on Sustainable 
Palm Oil. Started in 2019, this initiative aims to 
bolster mills’ capacity to gather TTP data and 
establish robust platforms to govern fresh fruit 
bunches (FFB) suppliers. In 2024, we conducted 
a workshop and two mill visits to advance 
this framework.
Indonesia: We conducted a workshop for 
Indonesian palm suppliers covering topics such 
as NDPE implementation, traceability, and human 
rights due diligence. Facilitated by Daemeter, the 
workshop was held in Jakarta and attended by 
57 participants. The training aimed to strengthen 
the capacity of Lampung refinery suppliers by 
helping them understand our supplier assessment 
process, identify and address gaps in meeting 
NDPE IRF requirements, and learn about human 
rights due diligence expectations.
NDPE policy and 
implementation plan
Questionnaire 
and desk-based 
due diligence
Continuous 
improvement plan
TrainingField assessmentsSelf-assessments
Direct mills
Third-party suppliers
94%
With NDPE  
policy
69%
Completed  
self-assessments 
65
Refineries
1,695
Mills
88
Impact Report 202588
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 89 ===
Improving labor and 
human rights
Our approach
We are committed to protecting the human 
rights of workers, indigenous peoples, and local 
communities in our supply chains as detailed in our 
Human Rights Policy and our Policy on Sustainable 
Palm Oil  and in line with international human rights 
principles and applicable local laws. We support 
efforts to address labor and human rights issues 
by governments and organizations, including 
the International Labour Organization (ILO), the 
United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), and 
RSPO Human Rights Working Group.
Colombia: Labor Formalization Project — We 
began implementing the second phase of this 
project in collaboration with the ILO, the National 
Federation of Oil Palm Growers (Fedepalma), 
and other entities. Together we aim to educate 
companies on the importance of labor formalization 
and compliance with regulations to help protect 
workers’ rights and improve working conditions. 
Our strategic intervention plans include training 
sessions for more than 800 workers and producers 
since 2023, covering topics such as fair labor 
practices and occupational health and safety.
Malaysia: Labor Transformation Program — As 
part of our continued three-year partnership with 
Earthworm Foundation, two workshops were 
held in Malaysia’s central and northern regions, 
engaging both direct and indirect mills. These 
workshops focused on critical topics such as forced 
labor issues and ethical recruitment practices. 
Separately, Earthworm Foundation is working 
closely with selected mills that have demonstrated 
good compliance to further enhance their NDPE 
KPI progress
79%
of direct suppliers with human rights 
commitments in their NDPE policies
commitments through targeted coaching and 
policy development. This dual approach supports 
continuous improvement in labor standards and 
human rights across the supply chain. So far, 
this partnership has reached one supplier that 
operates 10 mills. Seventeen people were trained 
on responsible recruitment and 210 people were 
reached with prevention and remediation programs 
in targeted communities.
89
Impact Report 202589
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 90 ===
Landscape initiatives
Our approach
We aim to facilitate scalable solutions for protecting 
human rights and addressing deforestation through 
authentic partnerships. By actively collaborating 
with a broad spectrum of stakeholders, including 
mills, growers, buyers, and public institutions, we 
address complex, widespread challenges and drive 
systemic change.
Through landscape-level initiatives and platforms, 
we address challenges that span geographical and 
jurisdictional boundaries. We currently participate 
in eight palm-related landscape programs 
worldwide. Learn more.
Our actions
Colombia: Intel4Value landscape program — 
In partnership with Solidaridad, we continue to 
provide support for compliance with environmental 
commitments among palm producers and workers 
in the Catatumbo region. In 2024, more than 1,100 
producers received specialized training to measure 
progress made toward sustainability goals and 
completed the Colombian Sustainability Index 
baseline to identify gaps in best practices.
Forest4Water program (also known as the Lebrija 
River Basin landscape program) — Backed by 
Fedepalma and Proforest, our support for this 
project continued with its implementation phase in 
2024. We engaged 60 producers from six mills in 
our supply chain in executing action plans focused 
on deforestation prevention, conservation, and 
farm water management. The program offers 
technical assistance and has conducted five field 
workshops aimed at equipping suppliers with 
practical tools for sustainable palm oil production.
Brazil: Tomé Açu landscape program — Since 
2023, we have supported the Tomé Açu landscape 
initiative convened by Earthworm Foundation. 
This integrated initiative brings together mills, 
commodity producers, smallholders, authorities, 
and local communities in northeastern Pará to 
regenerate supply chains and empower smallholder 
palm producers.
To date, more than 400 families have received 
training and technical assistance on rural 
entrepreneurship, women’s empowerment, 
income diversification, improved food security, 
and strengthened land rights through property 
registration and access to credit. We have also 
contributed to strengthening farmer associations 
and cooperatives, supporting the formalization 
of 10 businesses expected to generate a 30% 
increase in revenue for rural entrepreneurs.
90
Impact Report 202590
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 91 ===
Mexico: La Encrucijada program — In 2024, we 
started a program with Earthworm Foundation 
aimed at strengthening responsible sourcing and 
introducing regenerative agricultural practices 
in the Chiapas Landscape intervention area that 
encompasses La Encrucijada Biosphere Reserve, 
a hotspot of biodiversity.
Through this initiative, we engaged two 
independent palm producer associations and 
enrolled 13 farmers in the program. Together 
they have committed to adopting regenerative 
agriculture practices for land covering more than 
73 hectares. So far, we have held three technical 
workshops focused on organic fertilizers and 
best practices for pest control in palm cultivation. 
Additionally, we have identified secondary forests 
within productive plots that participating farmers 
now have a management plan to conserve under 
NDPE policies.
Malaysia: Southern Central Forest Spine (SCFS) 
landscape program — Our support for the 
SCFS landscape program continues into the 
program’s fourth year with a focus on supply chain 
transformation, forest protection and restoration, 
farmer resiliency, workers, and families. The SCFS 
has a strong connection with our supply chain in 
Pahang and Johor and is a co-funding opportunity 
to drive collective action to address systematic 
challenges in Peninsular Malaysia, including 
the shift to 100% traceability and implementing 
sustainability policies benefiting workers.
The initiative has made tangible progress across 
several areas:
• 47 mills now have NDPE time-bound action 
plans; 30 are fully traceable to plantations, 
and 67 are actively progressing toward 
full traceability
• More than 8,400 hectares are covered by the 
Human-Elephant Coexistence (HEC) program
• 625 smallholders have been engaged through 
income diversification activities, training 
seminars, and capacity-building programs
• Village mapping is underway, covering 
approximately 2,000 hectares, with land 
application processes in progress
• 2,000 workers at mills and plantations have 
been reached through Earthworm Foundation’s 
Ethical Recruitment Due Diligence and 
operational grievance mechanisms
Indonesia: Ketapang Verified Sourcing Program —  
We continue to assist independent smallholders 
in obtaining ISPO and RSPO certification in 
Ketapang, West Kalimantan, in partnership with 
IDH — The Sustainable Trade Initiative, JDE Peet’s, 
and FORTASBI (the Indonesian Sustainable Oil 
Palm Smallholders Forum). As part of this program, 
we conducted assessments to help smallholders 
prepare for certification and enhanced internal 
controls to support RISS certification and 
EUDR compliance.
We also made progress on improving smallholder 
incomes and access to international markets. In 
2024, we reached a major milestone and enabled 
Indonesia’s first independent smallholders to 
physically sell certified fresh fruit bunches (FFB) to 
an RSPO-Identity Preserved mill under a premium-
sharing model with Cargill.
Hindoli landscape program — The Hindoli 
Landscape Program empowers over 2,500 
independent smallholders managing nearly 7 ,000 
hectares of plantations that supply our Tanjung 
Dalam mill in the Musi Banyuasin region near our 
Hindoli plantation in South Sumatra. Through this 
program, smallholders receive support to achieve 
RSPO certification and training to enhance their 
organizational skills and form cooperatives.
In 2024, we piloted an innovative, offline spatial 
mapping solution that is low-cost and easy to use in 
remote areas. Equipping 56 farmer representatives 
to become trainers on the mapping solution 
enabled self-polygon mapping across the region. 
By December 2024, the independent smallholder-
certified area expanded to over 1,300 hectares 
encompassing 557 smallholders, a 75% increase 
from the first audit in 2023.
Siak Pelalawan landscape program (SPLP) — 
In partnership with seven other major companies, 
we remain committed to our landscape program 
Impact of first phase of the Siak Pelalawan landscape program (2020-2024)
1,700+
palm oil farmers trained 
in positive agricultural 
practices since 2021
1,100+
smallholders received 
plantation registry letters, 
crucial for meeting 
ISPO standards
789 ,000+
hectares of high 
conservation value 
areas and high carbon 
stock forest mapped in 
partnership with World 
Resources Institute
285,000
hectares of natural 
ecosystem areas 
conserved since 2020
30
villages established 
conservation regulations 
and peat management 
systems to prevent fires 
and floods
49
mills engaged to support 
and improve their IRF 
reporting and meet NDPE 
production standards
in Riau, Indonesia, that supports the government 
Green Growth District (Siak) and implementation 
of the Sustainable Palm Oil National Action Plan 
in Indonesia (in Siak and Pelalawan). The SPLP 
initiative is aimed at protecting forests, enhancing 
smallholder livelihoods, reinforcing labor and land 
rights, and promoting sustainable practices.
After concluding its initial phase in 2024, SPLP 
began its second phase in 2025. Our focus 
going forward is on jurisdictional risk mitigation, 
mill engagement, and supporting farmers 
to continue advancing forest protection and 
sustainable livelihoods.
91
Impact Report 202591
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 92 ===
This collaboration has shown what’s possible when every part of the supply chain works together. We’ve proven that 
smallholders can be part of an independent, traceable supply chain linked directly to global markets. This is what real, 
scalable transformation looks like. ”
Lim Ying Ying
General Manager, Wild Asia
Smallholder programs
Our approach
We empower smallholders to build capacity 
and promote responsible farm development by 
strategically working with select mills in our supply 
chain. We support sustainability in agricultural 
practices by offering training programs and 
assist with the development of action plans to 
determine the key actions that need to be taken 
to achieve RSPO certification. We conduct land 
use analysis and pre-certification audits to assess 
smallholder readiness to facilitate their capacity to 
achieve certification.
In 2024, we worked with organizations in three 
countries and made progress toward increasing 
the number of farmers certified under a 
sustainability program.
Our actions
Indonesia: Since 2020, we have trained more than 
4,300 smallholder farmers through our partnership 
with IDH — The Sustainable Trade Initiative, JDE 
Peet’s, and FORTASBI (the Indonesian Sustainable 
Oil Palm Smallholders Forum). Of the farmers we 
have trained, more than 2,400 are RSPO certified 
as of May 2025. Learn more about our work 
with smallholders in Indonesia in our Landscape 
initiatives section.
Mexico: The Holistic Program for sustainable 
palm oil in Mexico — developed in collaboration 
with the RSPO, Proforest, the Mexican Federation 
of Palm Oil (FEMEXPALMA), our customers, 
and suppliers — continued to make significant 
strides in transforming our palm oil supply chain. 
In 2024, we reached 117 smallholder farmers 
covering 1,300 hectares, enabling them to 
maintain their certification and generate 221 RSPO 
credits that can be traded for additional income. 
Additionally, the program trained 580 sustainability 
professionals from 64 organizations in various 
aspects of palm sustainability.
Malaysia: For the past decade, we have partnered 
with Wild Asia Group Scheme (WAGS) to 
support independent smallholders in Perak, 
including marginalized Orang Asli communities. 
Our partnership has demonstrated our commitment 
to inclusion and sustainability in our supply chain 
while advancing RSPO certification. From just 
34 RSPO certified farmers in Kampar in 2015 to 
738 today, the partnership continues to grow with 
the introduction of a new digital tool that will enable 
us to reach even more smallholders and dealers.
92
Impact Report 202592
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 93 ===
Soy
About this chapter
The content in this chapter pertains to calendar 
year 2024 unless otherwise noted. All data is for 
soy purchased and handled by our local agriculture 
and trading business in South America unless 
otherwise noted.
For our previous soy progress reports, visit our website.
93
Impact Report 202593
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 94 ===
Supply chain 
overview
Our South American agriculture and trading 
business sources soy in Brazil, Argentina, 
Paraguay, Bolivia, and Uruguay. The business 
stores, processes, and ships soybeans and other 
soy products to customers in the region and 
around the world.
136
country  
elevators
14
processing  
plants
13
ports
12
administrative  
offices
42
commercial  
offices
How our soy supply chain operates
Suppliers Storage and 
processing
Ports and 
transport
Customers
Our ports load soybeans 
and soy products for export
Our warehouses 
store soybeans
Soybeans and soy 
products are delivered 
for domestic use
Our processing plants 
produce soybean 
meal, oil, and other 
soy products
Customers in 
South America and 
around the world 
use our soybeans 
and soy products 
for animal feed, 
food ingredients, 
personal care 
items, and fuels
Farmers 
sell soybeans
Cooperatives 
and other indirect 
suppliers buy and 
sell soybeans
= Cargill operations
We offer farmers 
crop inputs, financial 
solutions, and price 
risk management
Farm services
94
Impact Report 202594
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 95 ===
Dashboard
Our agriculture and trading business in South 
America buys soy both directly from farmers and 
indirectly from cooperatives, processors, and 
traders. The figures above are for calendar year 
2024 and are for soy purchased and handled 
by our local agriculture and trading business in 
each country.
We have mapped the farms of our direct suppliers 
in all five countries with polygon boundaries and 
use this information to calculate our deforestation- 
and conversion-free (DCF) figures. We also engage 
1 Source: Ministério de Agricultura, Ganadería y Pesca de 
Argentina (MAGYP)
2 Source: Asociación de Productores de Oleaginosas y Trigo (ANAPO)
3 Source: Companhia Nacional de Abastecimento (CONAB)
4 Source: Instituto de Biotecnología Agrícola y Unión de Gremios de la 
Producción (INBIO-UGP)
5 Source: Ministerio de Ganadería, Agricultura y Pesca (MGAP)
FOCUS AREA METRIC
PROGRESS
Argentina Bolivia Brazil Paraguay Uruguay
Transparency Industrywide soy production (million tons) 48.21 2.02 147 .43 10.04 3.25
Approximate number of suppliers selling soy 
to Cargill
5,550 100 15,000 1,850 800
Percentage of volume by type 
of supplier
Direct 62% 35% 58% 47% 71%
Indirect 38% 65% 42% 53% 29%
Traceability Percentage of directly sourced volumes 
coming from suppliers whose farms have been 
polygon mapped 
98.28% 99.84% 100% 99.96% 100%
DCF Percentage of volumes estimated to be DCF based 
on a reference date of 2020
99.96% 96.78% 99.29% 99.62% 99.95%
with indirect suppliers to drive change toward more 
sustainable practices to end deforestation.
Going forward, we need to continually update our 
database of polygon maps, because our supplier 
base shifts somewhat each crop season and we 
continuously improve the accuracy of our mapping 
capabilities. Building this database has been a 
significant milestone in our journey to be able to 
monitor, report, and take action within our supply 
chain. It is made possible by the perseverance of 
our teams across the region to map and validate the 
operations of many thousands of suppliers.
95
Impact Report 202595
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 96 ===
How we calculated our DCF figures
Direct supply: For our directly sourced supplies 
in all five South American countries, we used 
polygon farm boundaries to calculate our DCF 
percentage. For direct suppliers in all five countries, 
our commercial and administrative teams identified 
them and collected data. For Brazil, our teams 
also consulted the INCRA-SIGEF website and the 
Federal SICAR website.
Once these farm boundaries were identified, we 
analyzed historical satellite images from the U.S. 
Geological Survey and different deforestation 
layer datasets depending on the country. In Brazil, 
we used the deforestation layer from PRODES, a 
satellite-based system operated by the country’s 
national space institute. This source is now 
commonly being used across the soy sector in Brazil. 
For the other four countries, we continued to consult 
deforestation layer data from the University of 
Maryland as in previous years. These deforestation 
layers allowed us to determine the percentage of 
soy volumes that came from farms where land had 
not been converted from native vegetation.
Indirect supply: For our indirectly sourced soy 
volumes in all five countries, we used the historical 
data above to calculate the DCF percentage for the 
full soy sector in every municipality or region. If less 
than 1% of the total soy for 2024 in a municipality 
or region was grown on land that was deforested 
or converted in the last five years, that municipality 
or region was classified as negligible risk. Indirect 
suppliers with an aggregation point inside these 
municipalities and regions were considered DCF for 
our calculations.
If 1% or more of the total soy for 2024 in a 
municipality or region was grown on land that was 
deforested or converted in the last five years, that 
municipality or region was classified as being at 
risk. For indirect suppliers with an aggregation point 
inside these at-risk municipalities and regions, 
if the indirect supplier could provide traceability 
information for those volumes, we used that data 
to calculate the DCF rate for those volumes. If 
the indirect supplier could not supply traceability 
information, we conducted our own analysis 
using a 50 km radius and calculated the DCF rate 
within that radius using the same methodology as 
for direct suppliers. That rate was then used for 
the indirect supplier’s volumes in our weighted 
average for the municipality or region where they 
are located. A similar approach is being adopted by 
other companies in Brazil’s soy sector.
Total DCF percentage: To arrive at a total DCF 
percentage for each country, we calculated 
a weighted average based on our proportion 
of direct and indirect suppliers using the two 
methodologies above.
A note on reference dates and cut-off dates
In terms of measuring DCF, a reference date is 
used only for purposes of calculations, whereas 
a cut-off date is used as a purchase criteria. 
Cargill’s 2024 DCF data on the previous page was 
measured based on a reference date, which for 
calendar year 2024 was 2020. Beginning January 
1, 2026, DCF will be measured based on a cut-off 
date of January 1, 2025, for Argentina, Brazil, 
and Uruguay. This cut-off date means that Cargill 
will no longer purchase soy from either a direct or 
indirect supplier in these three countries that does 
not meet the criteria of being DCF as of January 1, 
2025. The exception is soy from the Amazon biome 
in Brazil, which continues to have a cut-off date of 
July 2008.
A note on data sources
Forests are well-monitored globally, however, 
there are gaps in data availability for non-forest 
ecosystems like savannas and grasslands. At 
Cargill, we’re working to change that. Through 
working with organizations like the World 
Resources Institute (WRI), we’re helping close 
these critical data gaps. As part of our continuous 
improvement process, we regularly test and 
apply new datasets and methods to ensure 
we’re using the best available science to monitor 
land-use change.
96
Impact Report 202596
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 97 ===
Focus areas
Sustainable soy from 
South America
Our businesses source soy from all the major 
growing regions in the world. We are focused on 
South America as the highest-priority region for soy 
sustainability because it is home to vital landscapes 
such as the Amazon, Cerrado, and Chaco biomes 
that must be protected. Meanwhile, the region has 
grown rapidly in the last few decades to become 
a major source of the world’s soy, and this growth 
has underpinned many rural economies and 
communities. We believe that forests and farms can 
and must co-exist.
Our commitments
 
Transforming 
our soy supply 
chain to be 
deforestation-free 
while protecting 
native vegetation 
beyond forests
 
Promoting 
responsible 
production, which 
benefits farmers 
and surrounding 
communities 
 
Respecting and 
upholding the 
rights of workers, 
indigenous 
peoples, and 
communities 
 
Upholding high 
standards of 
transparency 
through reporting 
of key metrics, 
progress, and 
grievances 
By the end of 2025, all the soy we originate in-country from both direct and indirect 
suppliers in Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay will be DCF. By 2030, the same will be true for 
all the countries in South America.
Collaboration is essential to advancing 
our PEP+ (PepsiCo Positive) agenda. 
Together with Cargill, we’re driving 
sustainability through joint efforts in 
programs like 3S and Resolu. ”
JP Cavalcanti
Senior Director of Procurement  
for PepsiCo
97
Impact Report 202597
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 98 ===
Due diligence and traceability
Our system of  
continuous improvement
Having mapped our direct soy suppliers across 
South America, we use an industry-leading 
combination of processes, data, technology, and 
commercial knowledge to verify the provenance of 
the soy delivered to us. The details look somewhat 
different in each country depending on the public 
data, government protocols, and other resources 
available there. But the overall approach is similar 
— and we are increasingly leaning on the same 
systems and processes as we continue to mature in 
anticipation of meeting our commitments for 2025 
and 2030.
New direct suppliers must be enrolled in our system 
with documentation of their farm polygons before 
we can enter into a commercial agreement with 
them. In Brazil, part of this enrollment includes 
an assessment at the property level that overlays 
potential risks like conservation units, indigenous 
reserves, or other restrictions. Every year, returning 
suppliers go through the same compliance 
checks again.
This system is also now fully implemented in 
Argentina and Uruguay, as we prepare to meet our 
commitment that all soy we originate in-country 
for Brazil, Argentina, and Uruguay will be DCF by 
the end of 2025. We have full-time staff dedicated 
to this traceability process. We are also building 
out a process for indirect suppliers, despite the 
complexity of tracking soy volumes that may 
change hands several times before arriving at our 
facilities, information that those indirect suppliers 
may consider commercially sensitive. See page 102 
for more details on the programs we are building 
for DCF soy by the end of 2025 in Brazil, Argentina, 
and Uruguay.
Our system is one of continuous improvement – 
each year we have made considerable advances 
in the technology, data integration, and processes 
involved. It enables us to act when we find a 
problem and offers a simple channel for third 
parties to do the same. And it gives confidence to 
our customers that the soy they buy from us was 
produced responsibly.
The following pages illustrate how the different 
parts of this system work together to provide a 
strong network of controls.
98
Impact Report 202598
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 99 ===
Mapping farm polygons is 
the first step in ensuring due 
diligence, but we do not stop at 
identifying where a farm begins 
and ends. A farmer may have 
many commercial relationships 
with family members and 
affiliated business entities, 
making it hard to determine who 
grew the soy being sold to us 
based solely on public data.
That’s why in Brazil, our 
commercial teams outline these 
commercial relationships to 
the best of our knowledge in 
our databases, supplementing 
public data while being sure to 
adhere to applicable privacy 
laws. When we block a farm in 
Brazil as part of our automated 
system (see the next page), 
this mapping is the basis for 
further analysis to make sure 
that soy from a blocked farm is 
not being rerouted to us through 
business partners.
In other countries, we lean on 
established protocols and an 
expanding set of government 
information to map our soy 
supply chain. For instance, in the 
past year we began using official 
polygons from the Uruguayan 
government to perform due 
diligence on our soy volumes in 
that country. Argentina requires 
documents for tax obligations 
and commercial transparency 
as soy is transported. These 
can provide clarity on where 
that soy originated, including 
where it has been stored and 
when it has been handed from 
one operator to another. In 
Bolivia and Paraguay, where 
these protocols are still under 
implementation on a national 
level, we are working to support 
sectoral definitions.
When direct suppliers deliver 
soy to us, they indicate the farm 
polygons where soy is planted. 
Whether they are new or 
returning suppliers, they share 
geospatial information and 
documentation to be enrolled 
in our commercial system. In 
addition to overlaying potential 
risks against these polygons, 
we also cross-reference the 
delivered volumes with average 
soy yields in the area. This 
allows us to make sure that the 
volumes a supplier is attributing 
to a polygon are reasonable 
based on the area’s typical 
production and if the numbers 
don’t match, we follow up with 
the farmer to confirm that all 
polygons are accounted for. 
This process is deployed in 
Brazil, Argentina, and Uruguay.
21
BrotherWife
Son Son
Daughter
Main supplier
Mapping Validating
99
Impact Report 202599
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 100 ===
In Brazil, our detailed mapping 
of commercial relationships in 
our supply chain (see previous 
page) combines with our 
processes, data, and technology 
to provide a strong system of 
controls for the integrity of our 
direct soy supply chain.
Every day, our automated 
system consults lists managed 
by various government agencies 
and other organizations. 
In 2024, we updated our 
automated system to better 
be able to block not just a 
farming operation when its 
name appears on a list but also 
the relevant polygon, in case 
the farm operator and farm 
owner have different names. 
When a farming operation 
appears on one of these lists, 
it is immediately blocked so it 
is not eligible to sell soy to us 
until we have investigated and 
determined that there is no risk 
we are receiving soy from the 
relevant restricted area. The 
exception is the Slave Labor 
List – when a supplier appears 
on this list, all its operations in 
Brazil are blocked until they no 
longer appear on the list.
In the case of any farming 
operation that is blocked for 
appearing on a list, we also 
block other farms registered 
to the same person or entity 
in the state, as well as those 
with whom they have a close 
commercial relationship. These 
affiliated farms cannot be 
unblocked until we conduct a 
thorough analysis to help ensure 
that soy from the violating 
farm is not being rerouted 
and sold to us through the 
affiliated operation.
Each new crop season, we 
re-evaluate these commercial 
relationships and check to 
ensure that affiliated farms 
still are not rerouting soy from 
blocked commercial partners.
In 2024, two new geospatial 
layers of data for conservation 
units and indigenous lands were 
added to our automated system 
in Brazil that cross-references 
all our supplier polygons on a 
3
RESTRICTED LIST OR PROTECTED AREA
NUMBER OF 
FARMS WE 
BLOCKED
ADDITIONAL OPERATIONS 
WE ANAL YZED TO AVOID 
REROUTING OF SOY FROM 
RESTRICTED AREAS
IBAMA 2,728 1,550
ICMBIO 11 18
Slave Labor List 53 18
Conservation units 243 413
Indigenous lands 25 40
State embargoes 565 693
Green Grain Protocol 431 84
Other 481 413
TOTAL 4,537 3,229
Blocked farms in Brazil for calendar year 2024
Blocking
daily basis. Coupled with an 
update to the IBAMA list, this 
materially increased the number 
of blocked farms in our system 
compared to the year before.
In other countries in South 
America that do not have public 
lists like this, we take action to 
block farms on a case-by-case 
basis as we discover issues or 
they are brought to our attention 
through our grievance process 
(see the next page).
100
Impact Report 2025100
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 101 ===
Our system of controls for 
due diligence is thorough, but 
we also welcome concerns 
from third parties when they 
feel something is not right. 
When third parties want to 
address an issue in our supply 
chain that they feel is not in 
compliance with our policies 
– including when they believe 
non-compliant soy may have 
found its way into our supply 
chain – they raise a grievance. 
We also monitor public reports 
of potential violations and 
proactively investigate them 
ourselves in the same manner, 
even if a formal grievance is not 
submitted to us.
When a good faith grievance is 
submitted to us or we become 
aware of potential violations 
through our own monitoring, 
we take action to investigate. 
Our grievance process lays 
out a transparent mechanism 
for us to review, address, and 
monitor any concerns as they 
are raised to us in relation 
to compliance with our soy 
policy. We also monitor public 
reports of potential violations 
and proactively investigate 
on our own. In both cases, our 
process includes documenting 
who raised the grievance, the 
farms or organizations being 
investigated, the status of our 
investigation, and our findings.
We take grievances seriously. 
We do not tolerate retaliation 
against anyone who, in good 
faith, raises a concern or 
participates in an investigation 
or whistleblowing. We prohibit 
harassment, intimidation, and 
the use of violence by any 
employee, supplier, or third-
party contractor throughout 
engagement in our grievance 
process. Additionally, all 
suppliers are subject to Cargill’s 
Supplier Code of Conduct.
4
How we investigate grievances
This process illustrates how we respond to a typical grievance we receive, in this case one related to  
alleged illegal deforestation. 
84
farms were reported to us in soy-related grievances during calendar year 2024
30 52
37 farms were included in grievances related to our supply chain or operations
Responding
47 farms were included in grievances that, upon investigation, were unrelated to our supply chain or operations
432 2
 Social   Environmental  Social and environmental
We receive a 
grievance or 
learn of an issue 
through our 
own monitoring 
and log it in 
our system.
We look to see if 
the farm, farmer, 
or registered 
polygon 
mentioned in 
the grievance 
is part of our 
supply chain, 
either directly or 
indirectly through 
other farms 
or farmers.
If the entity  
or its commercial 
partners are part 
of our supply 
chain, we analyze 
whether the 
deforestation 
was unintentional 
(for example, 
caused by 
lightning strikes), 
intentional but 
legal, or illegal.
We also  
screen the 
entities involved 
to see if they 
have any other 
restrictions 
or previous 
grievances. 
And we ask 
them to provide 
documentation 
showing evidence 
of legality.
If the 
deforestation 
was illegal, we 
block the entity 
mentioned in 
the grievance.
We conclude our 
investigation, 
document it with 
all the details, 
and report back 
a summary of our 
findings to the 
third party that 
originally filed 
the grievance.
101
Impact Report 2025101
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 102 ===
Programs and partnerships
Meeting our  
2025 commitment
In November 2023, Cargill announced the 
acceleration of our commitment to eliminate 
deforestation and land conversion from our direct 
and indirect supply chains by the end of 2025 for 
all row crops and their byproducts sourced from 
Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay. We are on track 
to reach 100% by the end of 2025 and have been 
developing a methodology and processes to ensure 
that we do.
To help make progress toward this commitment, 
we are leveraging the World Resources Institute’s 
(WRI) expertise on key initiatives. Cargill and WRI 
have worked together since 2015, combining 
WRI’s scientific expertise with our agricultural 
insights. Over the past two years, our work together 
on DCF soy supply chains in South America has 
allowed each organization to learn about the best 
practices available, while ensuring that strategies 
are aligned with the needs and realities of farmers. 
This learning will advance our work in other supply 
chains, as well.
Now, as we prepare to meet and uphold our 
2025 commitment, we are continuing to work 
with WRI to:
• Increase traceability and monitoring of indirect 
supplies: By leveraging WRI’s geospatial 
expertise, which combines satellite technology, 
open-source tools, and analytical methods, 
together we are building and using best-in-class 
data to monitor land-use change and identify 
areas of high-risk.
• Support farmers: We are gaining insights 
from the field on what DCF looks like for 
farmers and how to integrate DCF as a long-
term strategy for all types of farmers across 
the region. Cargill is also supporting farmers 
through programs like ReSolu (see page 104), 
which helps them grow soy over degraded land 
using more sustainable practices and inputs, 
and Regenera Cerrado (see page 104 ), which 
demonstrates the advantages of regenerative 
agricultural practices.
• Share insights and learnings: We are tapping 
into WRI’s expertise to continually strengthen 
our information sharing, as well as our feedback 
mechanisms, so we can better engage with 
stakeholders on how we are advancing the 
success of our DCF program. 
102
Impact Report 2025102
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 103 ===
Scaling up landscape initiatives
Farmer First Clusters (FFC) is an initiative organized 
by the Soft Commodities Forum (SCF) that uses 
a tailored, smart mix of farmer-focused solutions 
in different landscapes of Brazil’s Cerrado biome 
to address deforestation and conversion. As 
members of SCF, we support FFC and are excited 
by the progress achieved in the first few years of 
its development.
Now in a scaling-up phase, FFC has built 
momentum by putting producers at the center 
of decision-making on how they manage, farm, 
and conserve their land. Focusing on some of the 
highest-risk municipalities in the Cerrado, FFC 
enrolled a substantial number of producers last 
year, representing more than 1.5 million hectares 
of farmland.
When farmers sign on to FFC, they commit to no 
deforestation or conversion of native vegetation 
for a certain number of years depending on which 
part of the initiative they join. Cargill’s commercial 
teams and our non-profit partners have worked to 
engage our suppliers in FFC, another way we are 
strengthening conservation in our soy supply chain.
Advancing the Agriculture Sector 
Roadmap 1.5ºC
Cargill joined the Agricultural Sector Roadmap to 
1.5ºC in 2022. The roadmap aims to accelerate 
existing action on reducing emissions from land-
use change linked to soy and other commodities in 
a way that contributes to food security, economic 
development, and farmer livelihoods.
In 2024, we worked to strengthen governance, 
expand the adaptations to Argentina and Paraguay, 
and conducted a baseline study for soy expansion 
in the Cerrado.  Further details on Roadmap 
progress in 2024 are available here.
A ‘dry run’ for EUDR
We have been working both internally and with 
stakeholders on many fronts to prepare to meet the 
due diligence requirements of the European Union 
Deforestation Regulation (EUDR). 
During 2024, we worked with the Dutch competent 
authority and the Brazilian consultancy Olab 
engaged by the Dutch consulate in Brazil to do a 
“dry run” on EUDR compliance for a soybean meal 
shipment between the two countries. By submitting 
the paperwork required under EUDR, this trial 
allowed us to jointly identify the challenges still to 
be addressed to ensure all sides are prepared when 
EUDR enforcement begins.
We were the first company in the South American 
soy sector to conduct such a dry run using 
feedback from a competent authority. Based 
on the experience, Olab published a report on 
lessons learned, which can help farmers, other soy 
companies, and governments as the soy sector 
prepares for EUDR’s arrival.
103
Impact Report 2025103
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 104 ===
technical assistance, green financing to transition 
degraded land into soy production, and other 
resources like crop inputs. We are also working 
with downstream customers to develop a ready 
market for the environmental outcomes that ReSolu 
farmers produce.
Programs for  
regenerative agriculture
As our climate changes, it’s clear that our food 
system needs to change along with it – starting at 
the farm. Regenerative agriculture practices have 
the power to sequester greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions, improve water quality and use, and build 
up healthy soil for the next generation. In South 
America, we are continuing to help make these 
practices commonplace by supporting farmers in 
adopting them.
Building a value chain in Brazil
ReSolu is our program in Brazil to help farmers 
commercialize regenerative agriculture, providing 
pathways to increase profitability while supporting 
environmental outcomes that can help our 
downstream customers meet their sustainability 
targets. It also strengthens the resilience of farmers’ 
land and helps combat climate change.
Launching in 2024, ReSolu got off to a strong 
start during its first year. We enrolled a few 
dozen farmers and began connecting them to 
With Cargill’s support, we were able to accelerate the process of converting degraded pastures and promote crop-livestock integration 
through ReSolu’s features that met our needs. For us today, we can no longer imagine livestock farming without integration with agriculture. ”
Gustavo Nakai
Farmer and Rancher at Cáceres/MT
ReSolu’s highlights in 2024
77 ,000
hectares enrolled
200
field visits for agronomic 
technical assistance
Quantifying clear benefits
We continued to support Regenera Cerrado, a 
partnership with the Brazilian Agricultural Research 
Corporation (Embrapa), Fórum do Futuro and 
several other research and technical partners that 
is studying the benefits of adopting regenerative 
agricultural practices in the Cerrado, the second-
largest biome in South America and the largest 
food-producing region in Brazil. Since the project’s 
inception, our $1 million commitment has helped 
researchers to conduct field days and workshops 
while also producing several scientific publications.
The first phase of the project concluded in recent 
months, and the evidence is striking. Regenerative 
agriculture can boost production, control pests, 
support pollinators, and store carbon in the 
ground – in some cases, even more carbon than 
in soils under native vegetation. For example, 
results indicated a 7% increase in grain weight in 
regenerative areas close to native vegetation and 
up to 44% reduction in some diseases caused by 
fungi. And although there is a cost to transitioning 
from conventional production, regenerative 
agriculture can ultimately lower costs and increase 
farmers’ profitability.
With the success of the program to date, Cargill 
has committed $600,000 to a second phase that 
will seek to further disseminate regenerative 
agricultural practices across the Cerrado.
Reducing emissions
During 2024, we continued to partner with 
Embrapa and other companies in the sector to 
develop a protocol for low-carbon soybeans. 
This protocol will identify the attributes of soy 
production that account for lower carbon compared 
to conventional practices. A certification label for 
the market will help differentiate soy produced 
in these low-carbon systems. Following initial 
technical guidelines for the program published 
by Embrapa in 2024, this label is expected to 
become available in 2026. Soy produced through 
the program could mitigate up to 30% of the GHG 
emissions of conventionally grown soy.
Expanding regenerative practices
In 2025, we announced two new projects to drive 
further adoption of regenerative agriculture 
across Brazil. The Catalyzing Transformations in 
Agriculture project will focus on the important state 
of Tocantins, developing and validating replicable 
and scalable production models that build off 
previous learnings in the region in partnership with 
Conservation International. The CCrop project will 
investigate how to expand the use of cover crops at 
a national level in partnership with CCarbon-USP . 
Both will help transform soybean production 
landscapes in ways that benefit farmers, soil health, 
climate, and biodiversity.
Our regenerative agriculture programs 
in South America include more than
82,800 hectares
104
Impact Report 2025104
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 105 ===
Helping farmers supply  
more sustainable soy
Farmers are the key to driving transformation 
in the soy sector, and solutions need to work 
for them. That’s why we continue to work with 
partners to equip farmers with the tools to boost 
sustainable production.
Expanding the reach of 3S
Cargill’s 3S program connects farmers to our 
downstream soy customers around the world that 
value sustainability. Farms enrolled in 3S commit 
to certain criteria, including producing soy that is 
DCF with a cut-off date of 2008. They implement 
best practices related to cultivation, regenerative 
agriculture, and social compliance, and they receive 
technical support from our partners to help them 
along the way. This is one reason why 3S has long 
served as a model for continuous improvement in 
more sustainable soy production.
In 2024, we updated the 3S standard, including 
introducing a national mass balance approach 
for Brazil, Argentina, and Paraguay – the three 
Making compliance easier
Responsible land use and management is an 
important component of our three-year, global 
partnership with Solidaridad, where we are working 
together toward conserving natural resources 
and supporting the long-term sustainability of 
soy and palm oil production, as well as the local 
environment. In Argentina, the partnership team 
worked with local governments and environmental 
authorities in 2024 to strengthen land-use 
monitoring capabilities and create an accessible 
tool for all stakeholders.
Called the Native Forest Viewer, this tool for 
monitoring land-use change is designed to aid 
compliance with Argentina’s National Forestry 
Law. Farmers will more easily be able to look up 
potential agricultural planting areas to understand 
if there are any restrictions on those areas. And 
other stakeholders can monitor compliance 
across the sector. By promoting transparency and 
accountability, the platform could help improve 
farmers’ access to key destination markets, 
aligning with EUDR requirements and voluntary 
certifications. The platform has been rolled out in 
two provinces with the aim of expanding to five that 
are part of Argentina’s Chaco biome.
countries where 3S is currently operating. This 
mass balance approach will allow us to source 
greater flows of 3S soy at a time when we are 
seeing increased interest from customers both 
domestically and in Mexico, Ecuador, and Asia, as 
well as from our longstanding 3S customer base 
in Europe.
Another important milestone was benchmarking 
3S with other certification frameworks so we 
could continue to expand the program’s reach 
into new markets and industries. For example, 
to meet growing demand for soy-based aqua 
feed ingredients, we achieved certification 
that 3S soy is accepted for the mandatory 
raw materials due-diligence process of the 
Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC) Feed 
Standard (see page 58). We also benchmarked 
3S with frameworks from the Consumer Goods 
Forum, Farm Sustainability Assessment, and 
the European Feed Manufacturers’ Federation 
(FEFAC). And the Brazilian Ministry of Agriculture 
and Livestock recently recognized 3S for being 
aligned with the ministry’s AGRO+ program 
for good agricultural practices and the sector’s 
sustainability commitments.
Cargill’s dedication to responsible 
sourcing is evident through the 
delivery of such a comprehensive 
program, and should be celebrated. ”
Joe Iveson
SAI Platform
Working with Cargill has been 
instrumental in bringing the Native 
Forest Viewer to life and laying the 
groundwork to scale it. It’s a powerful 
example of what’s possible when we 
align innovation and sustainability. ”
Milagros Menna
Solidaridad Country Lead, Argentina
5+ million hectares
Amount of land enrolled in certification and verification programs we support  
in South America in 2024
A variety of certifications
Cargill maintains a strong portfolio of 
soybean product certifications to meet 
the diverse needs of the feed, food, 
and biofuel sectors. Alongside our own 
3S program, we adhere to internationally 
recognized standards where applicable, 
including RTRS, 2BSvs, the ISCC EU, the 
U.S. EPA, and RenovaBio. The increase in 
certified producers and farms in our supply 
chain underscores our commitment to 
traceability, sustainability, and regulatory 
compliance across South America.
Increases in Cargill’s certified supply chain 
in 2024
20.2%
24.8%
Certified  
producers
Certified  
farms
105
Impact Report 2025105
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 106 ===
Strengthening  
community resilience
Everywhere we operate, we look to positively 
contribute to the social fabric – including helping 
farming households and local leaders build overall 
well-being. We do this through programs that align 
with our global sustainability priorities and are 
tailored to local contexts.
Addressing socio-economic challenges 
in rural areas
To strengthen livelihoods and households in 
rural areas of Brazil near our soy operations, our 
Thriving Communities program provides technical 
assistance to smallholder farmers. The program 
works to strengthen local associations, help 
community members access resources, restore 
degraded areas, and increase their development.
Reaching more than 1,800 households in 2024 
with help from our technical partners, the program 
focused on agricultural productivity, women’s 
empowerment, and education and training for 
youth. As families grow crops, they diversify their 
incomes while also boosting their own food security.
Protecting the rights of children  
and adolescents
We seek to prevent child labor, expand access to 
education, and mitigate the risk of children’s rights 
being violated. Starting 18 years ago, we were the 
first agribusiness in Brazil to join the On The Right 
Track (Na Mão Certa) program, in partnership 
with leading non-profit partner Childhood Brasil 
Institute to help protect children and adolescents 
who may be vulnerable to sexual exploitation on 
Brazilian roadways.
We have continued to expand that effort in recent 
years in the port towns where we operate, as well. 
In the northern region of Brazil, we developed 
a project that seeks to protect children’s and 
adolescents’ rights in Santarém and Porto Velho. 
Bringing together community leaders and the 
municipal government, the project has trained 
professionals and developed a set of protocols 
to implement processes for both prevention 
and response. By bringing a strong network of 
stakeholders together, we believe we can address 
this serious issue.
Supporting growers with the  
Family Farmers Program
Since 2011, Cargill’s Family Farmers Program has 
offered cost-free agronomic technical assistance 
and training to family farmers in Brazil growing 
soy for biodiesel. Reaching approximately 1,800 
farmers in 2024, this program helps them grow 
their crops with more sustainable methods.
Farmers participate in an initial set of training 
sessions on regenerative agriculture and 
sustainable soil management, which this year 
we published online so farmers could take the 
training whenever they had time and would not 
need to travel to the sessions in person. Each 
farm then receives technical visits to analyze soil, 
monitor soybean crop cycles, and efficiently apply 
fertilizers in the field, with a focus on continuous 
improvement in productivity and sustainability. 
Growers in the program have emphasized 
how important this hands-on assistance is to 
their success.
With the longstanding success of the smallholder 
program in soy, we will expand it in the coming year 
to our cocoa supply chain in Brazil, as well.
I am very grateful to be part of Cargill’s Family Farmers 
Program, because the technical assistance I receive is 
essential for managing my farm. I did not used to perform 
soil analysis, but thanks to the program, I started to do it 
every year and receive technical guidance to correct the 
soil. Now, before planting, I know what the soil needs for 
the soybeans to develop well. ”
Adilson Veríssimo Machado
farmer participant in the program for 11 years
Photo: Tessa : SANTAREM_FARM_TWO_SOYBEAN
106
Impact Report 2025106
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 107 ===
Land Innovation Fund
The Land Innovation Fund for Sustainable 
Livelihoods was supported by Cargill to foster 
innovation within the soy supply chain in South 
America’s Amazon, Cerrado, and Chaco biomes.
The Land Innovation Fund began activity in 2021, 
and over four rounds of funding its initiatives 
benefitted producers and local communities 
in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, and Paraguay. It 
has supported Cargill’s strategy to engage with 
farmers and other stakeholders across the region 
with new approaches in areas such as financial 
mechanisms for forest conservation and ecosystem 
services, production using more sustainable 
practices without sacrificing yields or quality, and 
engagement across different stakeholder groups 
and organizations.
With many new solutions supported and 
partnerships established, Cargill remains 
engaged in advancing solutions on the ground 
and will continue to directly manage and invest in 
programs to drive a sustainable soy supply chain 
in South America.
50
projects funded
60
partner institutions engaged
72
innovations supported
4,000
farms participating
10 million
hectares reached through fund projects
8.19 million
hectares monitored for 
environmental compliance and 
deforestation-free production
Five years of impact from the Land Innovation Fund
Reflections on an innovative approach
When Cargill launched the Land Innovation Fund, 
we had a commitment to supporting a more 
sustainable soy sector in South America. But we 
weren’t exactly sure of all the answers in how to 
get there. Fast forward to today, and the fund 
has created a breadth of programming that has 
enabled Cargill to work with a very diverse group 
of stakeholders and organizations.
At the start of the journey, we were determined 
to use our close connection to farmers to build 
solutions that would work for them. Thanks to that, 
we have been able to have a significant impact 
at the farm level. Today, 8.19 million hectares are 
being monitored for environmental compliance 
and deforestation-free production by solutions 
that were developed with the fund’s support – and 
that farmers found practical and applicable to 
their work.
We also focused on innovation. The work we did 
with a wide range of startups through accelerators 
was truly exciting. This included new technologies, 
new applications, and new platforms that are being 
adopted across the sector.
And we built connections. The Land Innovation 
Fund has become a well-known initiative and 
enabled collective action that would have been 
hard to imagine five years ago. We fostered 
collaboration and brought stakeholders together 
to think broadly about the soy sector’s future. 
That work will continue.
Leticia Kawanami
Senior Director of Sustainability  
for Cargill’s agriculture and trading business 
in South America
107
Impact Report 2025107
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
Aqua nutrition Cocoa Palm oil Soy
=== PAGE 108 ===
Appendix
108
Impact Report 2025108
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
=== PAGE 109 ===
About this report
We published this report on November 4, 2025 to 
provide an overview of our company’s operations 
related to environmental, social, and governance 
(ESG) topics. This report, including relevant data, 
disclosures, and policies, is for Cargill’s fiscal 
year 2025 (June 1, 2024 – May 31, 2025) unless 
otherwise specified, and contains comparisons 
of previous fiscal years or calendar years, as well 
as progress toward our sustainability goals using 
baseline data as noted throughout the report.
We reference several ESG and sustainability 
reporting frameworks and standards to inform data 
and information disclosed in this report, including 
those outlined by the Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB), now consolidated 
under the International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS), as well as recommendations 
from the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD).
As sustainability reporting standards continue 
to evolve, the global ESG landscape remains 
fragmented, with differing regulatory requirements, 
frameworks, and methodologies. Navigating this 
complexity requires significant diligence and 
coordination across our global operations. Cargill 
actively monitors these developments and engages 
with regulators, standard setters, and industry 
groups to promote greater alignment. Our objective 
is to ensure that our reporting is consistent, 
transparent, and meaningful across all markets 
where we operate. 
In addition, Cargill is a member of the United 
Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and supports 
their ten principles, along with the Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs), which provide a shared 
blueprint for governments, businesses, and non-
governmental organizations (NGOs) to drive action 
toward sustainable development to address some 
of our world’s greatest challenges. A TCFD index 
can be found in this Appendix on page 111, which 
references the California Climate Related Financial 
Risk Act (SB 261) disclosure, and a SASB index can 
be found on page 112.
For the purposes of this report, the concept 
of materiality is based on a definition specific 
to the assessment of ESG topics and may not 
correspond to the definition of materiality used in 
the securities laws and disclosures required by the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
Issues we identify as “material” from an ESG 
perspective are not necessarily material to 
the Company under securities laws, rules, and 
regulations in place at publication. Further, for 
purposes of this report, the concept of materiality 
does not correspond to the definition of double 
materiality used in the European Union’s Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). Cargill 
is engaging in a double materiality assessment. 
It will undergo validation and the material topics 
will be disclosed as part of our future CSRD 
Sustainability Statement.
This report contains forward-looking statements, 
including but not limited to strategies, plans, 
progress, and goals. Any and all forward-looking 
statements are subject to external and internal 
uncertainties and risks and opportunities that 
could change actual future strategy or goals. 
The Company assumes no obligation to amend or 
update any forward-looking statements found in this 
year’s report should any future conditions change.
Data scopes and assurance
Scope 1 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions primarily 
relate to the combustion of fuel utilized for our 
industrial plants or processing facilities. Scope 2 
GHG emissions primarily relate to the purchase of 
electricity and steam consumed across our global 
facility portfolio. Scope 2 GHG emissions within our 
goals and referenced herein are based upon Scope 
2 market-based quantification methods.
Scope 3 GHG emissions occur from activities in 
Cargill’s value chain of entities included in the 
organizational boundary (excluding emissions 
from operations owned by Cargill) and emissions 
from investments that are excluded from the 
organizational boundary but that Cargill partially or 
wholly owns or controls (e.g., Joint Ventures). As a 
result of the lack of current guidance regarding 
accounting for land use emissions, Cargill has not 
included emissions related to such activities within 
Scope 3 GHG emissions for the 2025 fiscal year. 
Once the Land Sector and Removals Guidance is 
published, Cargill will evaluate the impact of such 
guidance on our GHG inventory, which may be 
material. Cargill is tracking its Scope 3 progress 
based on a metric of reductions or avoided 
emissions on an annual basis. Cargill will transition 
to reporting a % reduction against Scope 3 
baseline following issuance of applicable external 
GHG accounting standards.
Cargill engaged KPMG LLP , an independent third-
party accountant, to provide limited assurance 
in relation to Fiscal Year 2025 Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 market-based and location-based GHG 
emissions. The Independent Accountant Review 
Report describes the data assured. For additional 
information regarding this report, please visit 
our website.
109
Impact Report 2025109
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
TCFD indexStakeholder engagement indexAbout this report SASB index Animal welfare index

=== PAGE 110 ===
Stakeholder engagement index
STAKEHOLDER GROUP ENGAGEMENT METHODS FREQUENCY TOPICS OF INTEREST KEY OUTCOMES/INSIGHTS
Communities
Through Cargill Cares Councils and directly 
with global and regional partners such as CARE 
and BestPrep
Regularly
Water, sanitation, and hygiene (WASH), 
food access, and other topics, depending 
on geography
Continue Cargill Cares Councils, which are focused on 
activating Cargill’s investment of financial and human 
resources to help meet local community needs and 
business objectives
Consumers
Our Consumer Insights and Customer 
and Category Intelligence teams analyze 
consumer behavior, market trends, and 
consumer attitudes
Regularly
Convenience, quality, health, environmental 
impact of food production (packaging, 
processing, logistics, etc.), food waste
Partner with our customers to help deliver what their 
consumers want to see in the products they consume
Customers
Our Consumer Insights and Customer 
and Category Intelligence teams work on 
understanding our customers’ needs and overall 
perceptions of Cargill through direct customer 
engagement and surveys
Regularly Traceability and sustainable innovation Support customers by providing solutions that help them 
advance progress toward their own sustainability goals
Employees Engagement surveys, business resource groups 
(BRGs), and town halls Regularly Inclusion, well-being, career growth
Expand BRGs and Cargill Cares Councils, adjust benefits 
programs to meet employee needs, grow employee 
development programs 
Industry associations Cargill employees serve as members and 
leaders in many critical industry associations
Frequency depends on specific 
industry group
Developing standards, tracking regulations, 
monitoring trends
Build collective action, conduct benchmarking, develop 
early awareness of best practices, align approaches and 
guidelines, scale programs
Financial partners Impact Report, ESG assessments/surveys, 
annual meetings, and direct engagement Ad-hoc as inquiries arise Climate, human rights, land and water Ensure alignment with financial counterparties 
customer requirements
NGOs
Direct strategic partnerships, such as with 
the World Resources Institute, CARE, 
and Solidaridad
Frequency depends on whether 
the relationship is long term or 
project based
Climate, land use change, biodiversity, 
water, human rights, farmer livelihoods, 
community impact 
Increase regenerative agriculture practices, training and 
educational programs, access to WASH in service of 
creating a more resilient food system
Public policymakers Industry groups and some direct engagement Frequency depends on 
policy developments
Regulatory compliance, policy direction, 
industry advocacy
Influence partnership opportunities and evolve 
regulatory focus
Suppliers Regenerative agriculture, farmer livelihood, 
and training programs Frequency depends on the program Sustainability of farm operations, water 
conservation, animal welfare
Suppliers seek partnerships to explore and implement 
regenerative agriculture practices on their land 
110
Impact Report 2025110
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
TCFD indexStakeholder engagement indexAbout this report SASB index Animal welfare index
=== PAGE 111 ===
2025 TCFD index
CATEGORY RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE DISCLOSURE REFERENCE
Governance
a.  Describe the board’s oversight of climate related risks and opportunities California Climate Related Financial Risk Act 
(SB 261) — Governance
b.  Describe management’s role in assessing the managing climate related risks and opportunities California Climate Related Financial Risk Act 
(SB 261) — Governance
Strategy
a.  Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short-, medium-, and long-term California Climate Related Financial Risk Act 
(SB 261) — Strategy
b.  Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning California Climate Related Financial Risk Act 
(SB 261) — Strategy
c.  Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios,  
including a 2ºC or lower scenario
California Climate Related Financial Risk Act 
(SB 261) — Strategy
Risk management
a.  Describe the organization’s process for identifying and assessing climate-related risks California Climate Related Financial Risk Act 
(SB 261) — Risk management
b.  Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks California Climate Related Financial Risk Act 
(SB 261) — Risk management
c.  Describe how processing for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s 
overall risk management
California Climate Related Financial Risk Act 
(SB 261) — Risk management
Metrics and targets
a.  Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy  
and risk management process Climate
b.  Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 GHG emissions, and the related risks About this Report — Data scopes and assurance
c.  Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets 2025 impact scorecard
111
Impact Report 2025111
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
TCFD indexStakeholder engagement indexAbout this report SASB index Animal welfare index
=== PAGE 112 ===
SASB
2025 Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) index
Agriculture Products v.2023-12
TOPIC ACCOUNTING METRIC UNIT OF MEASURE CODE 2025
GHG Emissions
Gross global Scope 1 emissions Metric tons (t) CO -e FB-AG-110.a1
Scope 1: 6,658,533
CO2: 5,970,456
CH4:  8,947
N2O: 457
Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage  
Scope 1 emissions, reduction targets, and an analysis of performance  
against those targets
NA FB-AG-110.a2 Climate
Fleet fuel consumed, percentage renewable Gigajoules (GJ), 
percentage (%) FB-AG-110.a3 Not applicable for Cargill — not material.
Energy Management
1. Operational energy consumed Gigajoules (GJ)
FB-AG-130a.1
170,000,000
2. Percentage grid electricity
Percentage (%)
14%
3. Percentage renewable 20%
Water Management
1. Total water withdrawn Thousand cubic meters (m3) 
FB-AG-140a.1
256,000
2. Total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with High or 
Extremely High Baseline Water Stress Percentage (%)
56,000
Percentage of water withdrawn in areas of high or extremely high 
BWS: 12%
Percentage of water consumed in areas of high or extremely high 
BWS: 9%
Description of water management risks and discussion of strategies and 
practices to mitigate those risks NA FB-AG-140a.2
We are engaging in a double materiality assessment, and a 
comprehensive review of our current policies and practices to 
identify and address our sustainability impacts, and financial risks 
and opportunities. As the work is still underway, we are not disclosing 
information about specific risks or opportunities currently.
Number of incidents of non-compliance associated with water quantity 
and/or quality permits, standards, and regulations Number FB-AG-140a.3 28 water-related non-compliances, 7 of which resulted in a fine 
or penalty
112
Impact Report 2025112
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
TCFD indexStakeholder engagement indexAbout this report SASB index Animal welfare index
=== PAGE 113 ===
TOPIC ACCOUNTING METRIC UNIT OF MEASURE CODE 2025
Food Safety
Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) audit
1. Non-conformance rate and
Rate FB-AG-250a.1 3.19
2. Associated corrective action rate for
Rate FB-AG-250a.1a. Major and 
b. Minor non-conformances
a. 2.30  
b. 1.85
Percentage of agricultural products sourced from suppliers certified 
to a Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) recognized food safety 
certification program
Percentage (%) by cost FB-AG-250a.2 NA
1. Number of recalls issued and
2. Total amount of food product recalled
Number, Metric 
US tons
FB-AG-250a.3
3
147 .8
Workforce Health 
and Safety
Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) Rate FB-AG-320a.1 1.19 reportable injury frequency rate (RIFR)
Environmental 
and Social Impacts 
of Ingredient 
Supply Chain
Percentage of agricultural products sourced that are certified to a third-
party environmental and/or social standard, and percentages by standard Percentage (%) by volume FB-AG-430a.1
Palm: 28% 
Soy: 7 .4% 
Cocoa: 60%
Suppliers’ social and environmental responsibility audit 
1. Non-conformance rate
Rate FB-AG-430a.2
Supply Chain Sustainability — Addressing grievances
Supply Chain Sustainability — How we investigate grievances
Suppliers’ social and environmental responsibility audit
2. Associated corrective action rate for
a. Major  
b. Minor non-conformances
Discussion of strategy to manage environmental and social risks arising 
from contract growing and commodity sourcing N/A FB-AG-430a.3 Supply Chain Sustainability section
GMO Management Discussion of strategies to manage the use of genetically 
modified organisms (GMOs) N/A FB-AG-430b.1 GMO Statement
113
Impact Report 2025113
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
TCFD indexStakeholder engagement indexAbout this report SASB index Animal welfare index
=== PAGE 114 ===
TOPIC ACCOUNTING METRIC UNIT OF MEASURE CODE 2025
Ingredient Sourcing
Identification of principal crops and description of risks 
and opportunities presented by climate change N/A FB-AG-440a.1
We are engaging in a double materiality assessment, and a 
comprehensive review of our current policies and practices to 
identify and address our sustainability impacts, and financial risks 
and opportunities. As the work is still underway, we are not disclosing 
information about specific risks or opportunities currently.
Percentage of agricultural products sourced from regions with High 
or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress Percentage (%) by volume FB-AG-440a.2
Maize/Corn: 5%  
Soy: 1% 
Cocoa: <1% 
Cattle products: 4% 
Palm oil: 3%
Activity Metrics
Production by principal crop Metric tons (t) FB-AG-000.A Total FFB volume produced by estates managed or controlled by your 
company (tons) 1,493,000
Number of processing facilities FB-AG-000.B 622 facilities included in our GHG emissions reporting
Total land hectares FB-AG-000.C Total land controlled or managed for oil palm cultivation — planted 
and infrastructure: 83,400
Cost of agricultural products sourced externally FB-AG-000.D Cargill considers this data to be confidential
114
Impact Report 2025114
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
TCFD indexStakeholder engagement indexAbout this report SASB index Animal welfare index
=== PAGE 115 ===
2025 Cargill animal welfare index
Percentage of animals in our global  
operations and supply chains free  
from close confinement 
SPECIES  
(GLOBAL TOTAL) 
2025  
TOTAL ADDITIONAL NOTES
Beef 78% Do not live in barns
Dairy cattle 77% Do not live in barns
Turkeys 100% Cage-free (indoor group-housed)
Laying hens 62.4% Cage-free.  
Figure as of May 31, 2025.
Broilers 99% Cage-free
Percentage of animals in our global  
operations and supply chains provided  
with species-specific enrichments 
SPECIES  
(GLOBAL TOTAL) 
2025  
TOTAL ADDITIONAL NOTES
Beef 100% 
Cattle spend almost their entire lives 
outdoors. We do not raise cattle, 
and they are at our facilities for only 
a few hours prior to slaughter. All 
cattle at those facilities have access 
to one or more of the following 
enrichments: sprinklers, wind 
breaks, fans, and shade.
Dairy cattle 100% 
All cattle at our slaughter facilities 
have access to one or more of the 
following enrichments: sprinklers, 
wind breaks, fans, and shade.
Turkeys 67.8% These turkeys are housed in barns 
that allow natural sunlight.
Laying hens 62.4%
These include nest boxes, perches, 
and forage and dustbathing areas. 
Figure as of May 31, 2025.
Broilers 39.7% 
These include access to natural 
light, straw bales, perches, and/or 
pecking objects.
Percentage of animals in our global  
operations and supply chains that are  
free from physical alterations
SPECIES  
(GLOBAL TOTAL) 
2025  
TOTAL ADDITIONAL NOTES
Beef 46% Cargill does not alter any cattle 
in our care. This percentage also 
indicates beef cattle that were not 
subject to castration, tail docking, 
or dehorning prior to arriving at 
our facilities.
Dairy cattle 89%
Turkeys 0% 
All turkeys in our supply chain 
receive beak and toe treatments 
to prevent them from harming 
themselves or other birds. No 
turkeys in our supply chain 
are desnooded.
Laying hens Less 
than 10%
Beak trimming or treatment is 
done by trained personnel to 
prevent pecking and cannibalism 
among birds and must adhere to 
the requirements of the respective 
certifying body. Figure as of 
May 31, 2025.
Broilers 100% 
115
Impact Report 2025115
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
TCFD indexStakeholder engagement indexAbout this report SASB index Animal welfare index
=== PAGE 116 ===
Percentage of animals in our global operations  
and supply chains that are transported within  
eight hours or less at a time
SPECIES  
(GLOBAL TOTAL) 
2025  
TOTAL ADDITIONAL NOTES
Beef More 
than 90%
This covers transportation time from 
the most recent point of departure 
to our facilities.
Dairy cattle More 
than 90%
Turkeys More 
than 99%
Laying hens More 
than 95% Figure as of May 31, 2025.
Broilers 100% 
Percentage of animals in our global  
operations and supply chains that are  
stunned prior to slaughter
SPECIES  
(GLOBAL TOTAL) 
2025  
TOTAL1 ADDITIONAL NOTES
Beef 100%
Dairy cattle 100%
Turkeys 100% 
Laying hens Not  
applicable
Cargill does not receive or process 
any egg-laying hens. We purchase 
tankers of liquid egg.
Broilers 100% 
1 Reflects % of animals subject to the pre-slaughter stunning process
Additional outcome measures specific 
to each species  
SPECIES  
(GLOBAL TOTAL) 
2025  
TOTAL ADDITIONAL NOTES
Cattle
No slips 100%
No falls 99.7%
Turkeys
Meets outcomes 
of composite 
welfare index from 
the National 
Turkey Federation 
More 
than 98%
Broilers
Free from footpad 
dermatitis
65%
Laying hens
Tankers of 
egg product 
independently 
audited for animal 
welfare standards
100%
All purchased tankers of egg 
product we receive in the U.S 
are certified by United Egg 
Producers, Humane Farm Animal 
Care, or American Humane 
Association, each of which adheres 
to its respective body’s animal 
welfare standards and requires 
independent, third-party audits. 
Figure as of May 31, 2025.
116
Impact Report 2025116
Overview Strategy Land and Water PeopleClimate Supply Chain SustainabilityEthics and ComplianceCommunity Impact Appendix
TCFD indexStakeholder engagement indexAbout this report SASB index Animal welfare index
=== PAGE 117 ===
www.cargill.com
Cargill, Incorporated 
P .O. Box 9300 
Minneapolis, MN 55440
Learn more
About Cargill
Sustainability
Reporting Hub
Join the team
careers.cargill.com
© 2025 Cargill, Incorporated.