

=== PAGE 1 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   1
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center
HISTORY OF COOPERATIVE
SOYBEAN PROCESSING
IN THE UNITED STATES (1923-2021):
EXTENSIVELY ANNOTATED
BIBLIOGRAPHY AND SOURCEBOOK
AGRI Industries, AGP, Boone Valley, CHS, Dawson Mills
Farmland Industries, Far-Mar-Co, GTA, Gold Kist, Honeymead,
Land O’Lakes, MFA, North Iowa Cooperative,
Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative, Piatt County Soy Bean, Riceland Foods
Compiled
by
William Shurtleff & Akiko Aoyagi
  
2021

=== PAGE 2 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   2
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center
Copyright (c) 2021 by William Shurtleff & Akiko Aoyagi
All rights reserved. No part of this work may be reproduced or copied in any form or by any means - graphic, electronic, 
or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping, or information and retrieval systems - except for use in reviews, 
without written permission from the publisher.
Published by: Soyinfo Center
 P.O. Box 234
 Lafayette, CA 94549-0234  USA
 Phone: 925-283-2991
 www.soyinfocenter.com 
ISBN 9781948436601 (new ISBN Cooperatives without hyphens)
ISBN 978-1-948436-60-1 (new ISBN Cooperatives with hyphens)
Printed  26 Nov. 2021
Price: Available on the Web free of charge
Search engine keywords:
History of AGRI Industries, Inc. (Iowa)
History of 
Ag Processing Inc a cooperative (AGP)
History of Arkansas Grain Corp.
History of Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Assoc.
 (Eagle Grove, Iowa)
History of CHS Cooperatives, Incl. Cenex, Inc. and
 Harvest States Cooperatives (Includes Honeymead)
History of Consumers Cooperative Association
History of Cooperative Soybean Crushers (General &
 Other)
History of Dawson Food Ingredients
History of Dawson Mills (Dawson, Minnesota)
History of Farmland Industries, Inc
History of Far-Mar-Co, Inc. (Hutchinson, Kansas)
History of Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association
 (GTA) (St. Paul, Minnesota)
History of Farmers Union Grain Cooperative Marketing
 Association (CMA)
History of Gold Kist, Inc. (Georgia)
History of Honeymead (as a Cooperative, Mankato,
 Minnesota)
History of Land O’Lakes, Inc.
History of Missouri Farmers Association (MFA) (Mexico
 and Columbia, Missouri)
History of Monticello Co-operative Soybean Products
 Co. (Monticello, Piatt Co, Illinois)
History of North Iowa Cooperative Processing
 Association (Manly, Iowa)
History of North Iowa Soybean Cooperative (Manly,
 Iowa)
History of Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative
 (Henderson, Kentucky)
History of Piatt County Soybean Cooperative Co. (Illinois)
History of PMS Foods, Inc.
History of Riceland Foods (Arkansas)
History of Tri-County Soy Bean Co-operative Association
 (Dawson, Minnesota)
History of Cooperative Soybean Crushers
History of Cooperative Soybean Crushing Companies
Chronology of Cooperative Soybean Crushers
Timeline of Cooperative Soybean Crushing Companies
Bibliography of Cooperative Soybean Crushers

=== PAGE 3 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   3
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center
Contents
   Page
Dedication and Acknowledgments.................................................................................................................................. 4
Introduction and Brief Chronology, by William Shurtleff  .......................................................................................... 5
About This Book  ............................................................................................................................................................. 8
Abbreviations Used in This Book  .................................................................................................................................. 9
How to Make the Best Use of This Digital Book - Three Keys  ................................................................................. 10
Full-Page Graphics  .................................................................................................................................................  12-13
Introducing Soyinfo Center)  ........................................................................................................................................ 14
History of Cooperative Soybean Processing in the United States:  
     1022 References in Chronological Order  ............................................................................................................... 15
    Contains 58 Photographs and Illustrations
Subject/Geographical Index by Record Numbers  ................................................................................................... 376
Last Page of Index  ....................................................................................................................................................... 410

=== PAGE 4 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   4
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center
Part of the enjoyment of writing a book lies in meeting 
people from around the world who share a common interest, 
and in learning from them what is often the knowledge 
or skills acquired during a lifetime of devoted research or 
practice. We wish to give deepest thanks...
Of the many libraries and librarians who have been of great 
help to our research over the years, several stand out:
University of California at Berkeley: John Creaser, Lois 
Farrell, Norma Kobzina, Ingrid Radkey.
Northern Regional Library Facility (NRLF), Richmond, 
California: Martha Lucero, Jutta Wiemhoff, Scott Miller, 
Virginia Moon, Kay Loughman.
Stanford University: Molly Molloy, who has been of special 
help on Slavic-language documents.
National Agricultural Library: Susan Chapman, Kay Derr, 
Carol Ditzler, John Forbes, Winnifred Gelenter, Henry 
Gilbert, Kim Hicks, Ellen Knollman, Patricia Krug, 
Sarah Lee, Veronica Lefebvre, Julie Mangin, Ellen Mann, 
Josephine McDowell, Wayne Olson, Mike Thompson, 
Tanner Wray.
Library of Congress: Ronald Jackson, Ronald Roache.
Lane Medical Library at Stanford University.
Contra Costa County Central Library and Lafayette Library: 
Carole Barksdale, Kristen Wick, Barbara Furgason, Sherry 
Cartmill, Linda Barbero.
Harvard University’s Five Botanical Libraries (especially 
Arnold Arboretum Library): Jill Gelmers Thomas.
French translation: Martine Liguori of Lafayette, California, 
for ongoing, generous, and outstanding help since the early 
1980s. Dutch translation: Sjon Welters. French translation 
Elise Kruidenier. German translation Philip Isenberg, 
DEDICATION AND ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Japanese translation and maps: Akiko Aoyagi Shurtleff.
Loma Linda University, Del E. Webb Memorial Library 
(Seventh-day Adventist): Janice Little, Trish Chapman.
We would also like to thank our co-workers and friends at 
Soyinfo Center who, since 1984, have played a major role in 
collecting the documents, building the library, and producing 
the SoyaScan database from which this book is printed:
Irene Yen, Tony Jenkins, Sarah Chang, Laurie Wilmore, 
Alice Whealey, Simon Beaven, Elinor McCoy, Patricia 
McKelvey, Claire Wickens, Ron Perry, Walter Lin, Dana 
Scott, Jeremy Longinotti, John Edelen, Alex Lerman, Lydia 
Lam, Gretchen Muller, Joyce Mao, Luna Oxenberg, Joelle 
Bouchard, Justine Lam, Joey Shurtleff, Justin Hildebrandt, 
Michelle Chun, Olga Kochan, Loren Clive, Marina Li, 
Rowyn McDonald, Casey Brodsky, Hannah Woodman, 
Elizabeth Hawkins, Molly Howland, Jacqueline Tao, Lynn 
Hsu, Brooke Vittimberga, Tanya Kochan, Aanchal Singh.
Special thanks to: Tom and Linda Wolfe of Berwyn Park, 
Maryland; to Lorenz K. Schaller of Ojai, California; and to 
Wayne Dawson (genealogist) of Tucson, Arizona.
 For outstanding help on this cooperative processing 
book we thank: Bill Lester, George Anderson, Ronald L. 
Anderson, Lowell Andreas, Jim Beyers, Clyde Boismenue, 
Robert A. Boyer, Ray Choquette, Jonathan Crisp, Walter 
Dannan, Kent Dannen, David Duggan, John R. Dunn, 
Joseph Eichberg, Richard Farmer, John Franklin, Joe Givens, 
Gary Hammond, Kenlon Johannes, Paul Lang, Richard S. 
Leiss, Helen Levin, Kaleb Little, Ron McDermott, Edwin 
W. Meyer, Tommy Miller, Max Norris, Tom Petka, Doug 
Pickering, Allen & Gary Pogeler, A.I. Reisz, Jr., Shelly 
Ritchason, Ken Steffens, Keith Thompson, Leland Tong, 
Ralph Wilkinson, Walter J. Wolf.
 Finally our deepest thanks to Tony Cooper of San Ramon, 
California, who has kept our computers up and running since 
Sept. 1983. Without Tony, this series of books on the Web 
would not have been possible.
This book, no doubt and alas, has its share of errors. These, 
of course, are solely the responsibility of William Shurtleff.
 This bibliography and sourcebook was written with the 
hope that someone will write a detailed and well-documented  
history of this subject.
This book is dedicated to James W. Lindsay, Bill 
Lester, Joe Givens, Glenn Pogeler, John R. Dunn, and 
Joseph G. Knapp - pioneers in this ﬁ eld

=== PAGE 5 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   5
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center
INTRODUCTION
 Brief Chronology of Cooperative Soybean 
Processing in the United States
1922 Feb. 18 – Congress passes the Capper-
V olstead Act, giving farmers and ranchers 
the legal right to join together in cooperative 
associations.
1923 Sept. – Piatt County Soy Bean Co-operative 
Co. (Monticello, Piatt Co., Illinois), America’s 
ﬁ rst cooperative soybean crusher, begins 
operation. It is also the ﬁ rst U.S. plant to use 
solvent extraction; benzol was the solvent.
1941 June – Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-operative 
plant in Henderson, Kentucky, begins crushing 
soybeans. It is the ﬁ rst of the new wave of 
cooperative plants to start during the early 1940s. 
Built by soybean growers in western Kentucky 
and southeaster Indiana, it is an attempt to 
increase soybean prices, encourage soybean 
production by offering a new market, and create a 
source of high-protein soybean meal as a feed for 
livestock and poultry.
1944 March – Boone Valley Cooperative 
Processing Association starts crushing soybeans in 
Eagle Grove, Iowa.
1945 Feb. – There are now seven cooperative 
soybean crushing plants in Iowa, located at 
Sheldon, Dike, Manly, Ralston, West Bend, Eagle 
Grove, and Martelle (Soybean Digest. 1945. Feb. 
p. 13). They started for two main reasons: (1) 
During and immediately after World War II, it 
was almost impossible for soybean growers to 
obtain soybean meal, either as meal or in the form 
of mixed feeds. To alleviate this situation, they 
formed cooperatives and built soybean crushing 
plants.  (2) To use this meal to raise meat, milk, 
dairy products and eggs to help the American effort 
in World War II.
1945 – Consumers Cooperative Association 
begins operating its ﬁ rst soybean crushing plant at 
Coffeyville, Kansas.
1947 Aug. 23 – Boone Valley: Fire destroys the 
plant in Eagle Grove, Iowa.
1949 – From 1940 to 1949, soybean farmers built 
21 cooperative soybean crushing plants – 19 of 
them from 1940 to 1945. These plants were located 
in Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Missouri, Ohio, 
Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin.
1951 Nov. – Tri-Country Soy Bean Co-operative 
Association (later renamed Dawson Mills) starts 
crushing soybeans in Dawson, Minnesota.
1952 Jan. – Joe Givens takes over as general 
manager of Dawson Mills. 
1959 Oct. – Consumers Cooperative Association 
(later renamed Farmland Industries) begins 
operating its second soybean crushing plant at Van 
Buren, Arkansas.
1963 Sept. – CMA (Consumers Marketing 
Association, of Kansas City, Missouri) purchases 
Dannen Mills in St. Joseph, Missouri; this is 
CMA’s ﬁ rst involvement with soybean processing.
1966 Sept. 1 – Consumers Cooperative Association 
changes its name to Farmland Industries, Inc.
1968 spring – After considerable discussion, four 
regional grain cooperatives (including CMA) 
agree to consolidate their business into a single 
association. On June 1, it would be known as Far-

=== PAGE 6 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   6
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center
Mar-Co, Inc. At the time of the merger, only one 
member, Farmers Union CMA, was involved with 
soybeans (see 1963 Sept.).
1968 – Gold Kist Soya (Div. of Cotton Processors 
Assoc.) starts a soybean crushing plant at Valdosta, 
Georgia. 
1968 fall – Farmers Export Co. (FEC) (Overland 
Park, Kansas) begins exporting soybeans. Three of 
its four owners are cooperatives.
1969 – Tri-Country Soy Bean Co-operative 
Association is renamed Dawson Mills.
1970 July – Far-Mar-Co (Hutchinson, Kansas) 
announces the creation of a new foods division. 
They soon have a food plant in St. Joseph, 
Missouri.
1974 – Dawson Food Ingredients is established by 
Dawson Mills. In about May 1977 they purchase 
Bontrae spun soy ﬁ ber and technology from 
General Mills.
1975 Aug. – Farmland Industries starts operating 
its soybean crushing plant at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa.
1977 Feb. – Far-Mar-Co merges with Farmland 
Agriservices.
1979 March 31 – Dawson Food Ingredients’ soy 
protein isolate plant begins operating 1.5 miles 
east of Dawson. 
1977 May 2 – Far-Mar-Co becomes part of 
Farmland Industries. Farmland is now also running 
the former Dannen soybean crushing plant in St. 
Joseph, Missouri.
1978 – Intrade is formed.
1978 – Beyond the Fence Rows: A history of 
Farmland Industries, Inc., 1929-78, by Gilbert C. 
Fite published. It includes an excellent history of 
Far-Mar-Co.
1979 - SoyCot starts exporting soybeans.
1980 March 1 – Dawson Mills is merged into 
Land O’Lakes, and is renamed Land O’Lakes – 
Soybean Division.
1981 May – Land O’Lakes announces that it will 
close Dawson Food Ingredients – the soy protein 
isolate and ﬁ ber spinning plant near Dawson. In 
Aug. the plant is sold to American Milk Products 
Inc. (AMPI).
1982 May 1 – Bill Lester, an old-timer in co-op 
soybean processing, starts to work for Boone 
Valley (Eagle Grove, Iowa) as general manager 
– with the blessings of Farmland Industries. 
He advocates cooperating with the other co-op 
soybean processors, most of whom are struggling. 
Talk of consolidation or merger begins. A study is 
conducted.
1983 June 1 – Farmers Union GTA combines with 
NPGG to from Harvest States Cooperatives.
1983 June 1 – Dawson Food Ingredients 
discontinues production of soy ﬂ our, soy grits, and 
textured soy ﬂ our, because the products are not 
selling well.
1983 Aug 31 – A very important merger deal is 
ﬁ nalized. Boone Valley Cooperative Processing 
Assoc. buys ﬁ ve co-op soybean processing plants 
owned by Land O’Lakes (at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa; 
St. Joseph, Missouri and Van Buren, Arkansas) 
and Farmland Industries (at Sheldon, Iowa; and 
Dawson, Minnesota). 
1983 Oct. – James Lindsay is chosen to be the 
new general manager and CEO of the new Boone 
Valley. Jim had been a vice president at ADM.
1983 – Three Far-Mar-Co. employees buy the 
company in a leveraged buyout and rename it PMS 

=== PAGE 7 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   7
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center
Foods Inc., standing for Parke, Major, and Shoup. 
They are still in Hutchinson, Kansas, making 
textured soy ﬂ our. Farmland is a mere shadow of 
its former existence.
1983 – GTA (including Honeymead) becomes part 
of Harvest States Cooperatives.
1984 March 7 – The new Boone Valley is 
renamed “Ag Processing Inc a cooperative,” but 
soon becomes known as “AGP.” The headquarters 
is now in Omaha, Nebraska. 
1985 Dec. 31 – AGP buys two soybean processing 
plants from AGRI Industries (Manning, Iowa; and 
Mason City, Iowa). This brings to 8 the number of 
soybean processing plants owned by AGP, which 
now controls 11.5% of total U.S. domestic soybean 
crushing capacity
1991 March 1 – AGP purchases a vegetable oil 
reﬁ nery in Denison, Texas, from Conway Oil.
1992 – The book Soybeans, Cooperatives and Ag 
Processing, by Margaret Finnerty is published 
(178 p.). It contains the best history to date of the 
origins and development of AGP.
1996 Nov. – AGP starts making SoyGold, soy 
biodiesel, at its new plant in Sergeant Bluff, Iowa.
2002 May 31 – Farmland Industries of Kansas 
City, Missouri, ﬁ les for Chapter 11 bankruptcy 
protection.
2021 Aug. 1 – Chris Schaffer takes over as 
CEO and General Manager of AGP from Marty 
Spackler.
2021 Nov. 24 – “In the last 35 years, AGP has paid 
back to its members in cash $1.1 billion!” (Bill 
Lester, former AGP ofﬁ cer).
2021 – AGP is the largest farmer-owned soybean 
processor in the world, and roughly the fourth-
largest soybean processor in the US based on 
capacity. It purchases and processes more than 
5.5 million acres of members’ soybeans per year – 
according to Dun & Bradstreet.


=== PAGE 8 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   8
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center
ABOUT THIS BOOK 
This is the most comprehensive book ever published about 
the history of cooperative soybean processing. It has been 
compiled, one record at a time over a period of 42 years, 
in an attempt to document the history of this interesting 
subject. It is also the single most current and useful source of 
information on this subject.
This is one of more than 100 books compiled by William 
Shurtleff and Akiko Aoyagi, and published by the Soyinfo 
Center. It is based on historical principles, listing all known 
documents and commercial products in chronological order. 
It features detailed information on:
• 50  different document types, both published and 
unpublished.
• 803  published documents - extensively annotated 
bibliography. Every known publication on the subject in 
every language.
• 94  unpublished archival documents.
• 87  original Soyinfo Center interviews and overviews 
never before published, except perhaps in our books.
• 93  commercial soy products.
Thus, it is a powerful tool for understanding the development 
of this subject from its earliest beginnings to the present.
Each bibliographic record in this book contains (in 
addition to the typical author, date, title, volume and pages 
information) the author’s address, number of references 
cited, original title of all non-English language publications 
together with an English translation of the title, month and 
issue of publication, and the ﬁ rst author’s ﬁ rst name (if 
given). For most books, we state if it is illustrated, whether 
or not it has an index, and the height in centimeters.
All of the graphics (labels, ads, leaﬂ ets, etc) displayed in this  
book are on ﬁ le, organized by subject, chronologically, in the 
Soyinfo Center’s Graphics Collection.
For commercial soy products (CSP), each record includes 
(if possible) the product name, date of introduction, 
manufacturer’s name, address and phone number, and (in 
many cases) ingredients, weight, packaging and price, 
storage requirements, nutritional composition, and a 
description of the label. Sources of additional information on 
each product (such as advertisements, articles, patents, etc.) 
are also given.
A complete subject/geographical index is also included.


=== PAGE 9 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   9
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center
A&M = Agricultural and Mechanical
Agric. = Agricultural or Agriculture
Agric. Exp. Station = Agricultural Experiment Station
ARS = Agricultural Research Service
ASA = American Soybean Association
Assoc. = Association, Associate
Asst. = Assistant
Aug. = August
Ave. = Avenue
Blvd. = Boulevard
bu = bushel(s)
ca. = about (circa)
cc = cubic centimeter(s)
Chap. = Chapter
cm = centimeter(s)
Co. = company
Corp. = Corporation
Dec. = December
Dep. or Dept. = Department
Depts. = Departments
Div. = Division
Dr. = Drive
E. = East
ed. = edition or editor
e.g. = for example
Exp. = Experiment
Feb. = February
ﬂ  oz = ﬂ uid ounce(s)
ft = foot or feet
gm = gram(s)
ha = hectare(s)
i.e. = in other words
Inc. = Incorporated
incl. = including
Illust. = Illustrated or Illustration(s)
Inst. = Institute
J. = Journal
J. of the American Oil Chemists’ Soc. = Journal of the 
American Oil Chemists’ Society
Jan. = January
kg = kilogram(s)
km = kilometer(s)
Lab. = Laboratory
Labs. = Laboratories
lb = pound(s)
Ltd. = Limited
mcg = microgram(s)
mg = milligram(s)
ml = milliliter(s)
ABBREVIATIONS USED IN THIS BOOK
mm = millimeter(s)
N. = North
No. = number or North
Nov. = November
Oct. = October
oz = ounce(s)
p. = page(s)
photo(s) = photograph(s)
P.O. Box = Post Ofﬁ ce Box
Prof. = Professor
psi = pounds per square inch
R&D = Research and Development
Rd. = Road
Rev. = Revised
RPM = revolutions per minute
S. = South
SANA = Soyfoods Association of North America
Sept. = September
St. = Street
tonnes = metric tons
trans. = translator(s)
Univ. = University
USB = United Soybean Board
USDA = United States Department of Agriculture
V ol. = volume
V .P. = Vice President
vs. = versus
W. = West
°C = degrees Celsius (Centigrade)
°F = degrees Fahrenheit
> = greater than, more than
< = less than

=== PAGE 10 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   10
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center
1. Read the Introduction and Chronology/Timeline 
located near the beginning of the book; it contains 
highlights and a summary of the book.
2. Search the book. The KEY to using this digital book, 
which is in PDF format, is to SEARCH IT using Adobe 
Acrobat Reader: For those few who do not have it, Google: 
Acrobat Reader - then select the free download for your 
type of computer.
Click on the link to this book and wait for the book 
to load completely and the hourglass by the cursor to 
disappear (4-6 minutes).
Type [Ctrl+F] to “Find.” A white search box will appear 
near the top right of your screen.
Type in your search term, such as Lester or Piatt County.
You will be told how many times this term appears, then 
the ﬁ rst one will be highlighted.
To go to the next occurrence, click the down arrow, etc.
3. Use the indexes, located at the end of the book. Suppose 
you are looking for all records about tofu. These can appear 
in the text under a variety of different names: bean curd, 
tahu, doufu, to-fu, etc. Yet all of these will appear (by record 
number) under the word “Tofu” in the index. See “How to 
Use the Index,” below. Also: 
Chronological Order: The publications and products in this 
book are listed with the earliest ﬁ rst and the most recent last. 
Within each year, references are sorted alphabetically by 
author. If you are interested in only current information, start 
reading at the back, just before the indexes.
A Reference Book: Like an encyclopedia or any other 
reference book, this work is meant to be searched ﬁ rst - to 
ﬁ nd exactly the information you are looking for - and then to 
be read.
How to Use the Index: A subject and country index is 
located at the back of this book. It will help you to go 
directly to the speciﬁ c information that interests you. Browse 
through it brieﬂ y to familiarize yourself with its contents and 
format.
 Each record in the book has been assigned a sequential 
number, starting with 1 for the ﬁ rst/earliest reference. It 
is this number, not the page number, to which the indexes 
refer. A publication will typically be listed in each index in 
more than one place, and major documents may have 30-40 
HOW TO MAKE THE BEST USE OF THIS DIGITAL BOOK - THREE KEYS
subject index entries. Thus a publication about the nutritional 
value of tofu and soymilk in India would be indexed under 
at least four headings in the subject and country index: 
Nutrition, Tofu, Soymilk, and Asia, South: India.
 Note the extensive use of cross references to help you: 
e.g. “Bean curd. See Tofu.”
Countries and States/Provinces: Every record contains 
a country keyword. Most USA and Canadian records also 
contain a state or province keyword, indexed at “U.S. States” 
or “Canadian Provinces and Territories” respectively. All 
countries are indexed under their region or continent. Thus 
for Egypt, look under Africa: Egypt, and not under Egypt. 
For Brazil, see the entry at Latin America, South America: 
Brazil. For India, see Asia, South: India. For Australia see 
Oceania: Australia.
Most Important Documents: Look in the Index under 
“Important Documents -.”
Organizations: Many of the larger, more innovative, or 
pioneering soy-related companies appear in the subject 
index – companies like ADM / Archer Daniels Midland Co., 
AGP, Cargill, DuPont, Kikkoman, Monsanto, Tofutti, etc. 
Worldwide, we index many major soybean crushers, tofu 
makers, soymilk and soymilk equipment manufacturers, 
soyfoods companies with various products, Seventh-day 
Adventist food companies, soy protein makers (including 
pioneers), soy sauce manufacturers, soy ice cream, tempeh, 
soynut, soy ﬂ our companies, etc.
 Other key organizations include Society for 
Acclimatization (from 1855 in France), American Soybean 
Association, National Oilseed/Soybean Processors 
Association, Research & Development Centers (Peoria, 
Cornell), Meals for Millions Foundation, and International 
Soybean Programs (INTSOY , A VRDC, IITA, International 
Inst. of Agriculture, and United Nations). Pioneer soy protein 
companies include Borden, Drackett, Glidden, Grifﬁ th Labs., 
Gunther, Laucks, Protein Technologies International, and 
Rich Products.
Soyfoods: Look under the most common name: Tofu, Miso, 
Soymilk, Soy Ice Cream, Soy Cheese, Soy Yogurt, Soy 
Flour, Green Vegetable Soybeans, or Whole Dry Soybeans. 
But note: Soy Proteins: Isolates, Soy Proteins: Textured 
Products, etc.
Industrial (Non-Food) Uses of Soybeans: Look under 
“Industrial Uses ...” for more than 17 subject headings.

=== PAGE 11 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   11
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center
Pioneers - Individuals: Laszlo Berczeller, Henry Ford, 
Friedrich Haberlandt, Artemy A. Horvath, Englebert 
Kaempfer, Mildred Lager, William J. Morse, etc. Soy-
Related Movements: Soyfoods Movement, Vegetarianism, 
Health and Dietary Reform Movements (esp. 1830-1930s), 
Health Foods Movement (1920s-1960s), Animal Welfare/ 
Rights. These are indexed under the person’s last name or 
movement name. 
Nutrition: All subjects related to soybean nutrition (protein 
quality, minerals, antinutritional factors, etc.) are indexed 
under Nutrition, in one of more than 70 subcategories.
Soybean Production: All subjects related to growing, 
marketing, and trading soybeans are indexed under Soybean 
Production, e.g., Soybean Production: Nitrogen Fixation, 
or Soybean Production: Plant Protection, or Soybean 
Production: Variety Development.
Other Special Index Headings: Browsing through the 
subject index will show you many more interesting subject 
headings, such as Industry and Market Statistics, Information 
(incl. computers, databases, libraries), Standards, 
Bibliographies (works containing more than 50 references), 
and History (soy-related).
Commercial Soy Products (CSP): See “About This Book.” 
SoyaScan Notes: 
 This is a term we have created exclusively 
for use with this database. A SoyaScan Notes Interview 
contains all the important material in short interviews 
conducted and transcribed by William Shurtleff. This 
material has not been published in any other source. Longer 
interviews are designated as such, and listed as unpublished 
manuscripts. A transcript of each can be ordered from 
Soyinfo Center Library. A SoyaScan Notes Summary is a 
summary by William Shurtleff of existing information on 
one subject.
“Note:” 
When this term is used in a record’s summary, it 
indicates that the information which follows it has been 
added by the producer of this database.
Asterisks at End of Individual References:
 1. An asterisk (*) at the end of a record means that 
Soyinfo Center does not own that document. Lack of an 
asterisk means that Soyinfo Center owns all or part of the 
document.
 2. An asterisk after eng (eng*) means that Soyinfo Center 
has done a partial or complete translation into English of that 
document.
 3. An asterisk in a listing of the number of references 
[23* ref] means that most of these references are not about 
soybeans or soyfoods.
Documents Owned by Soyinfo Center: Lack of an * 
(asterisk) at the end of a reference indicates that the Soyinfo 
Center Library owns all or part of that document. We own 
roughly three fourths of the documents listed. Photocopies of 
hard-to-ﬁ nd documents or those without copyright protection 
can be ordered for a fee. Please contact us for details.
Document Types: The SoyaScan database contains 135+ 
different types of documents, both published (books, 
journal articles, patents, annual reports, theses, catalogs, 
news releases, videos, etc.) and unpublished (interviews, 
unpublished manuscripts, letters, summaries, etc.).
Customized Database Searches: This book was printed 
from SoyaScan, a large computerized database produced 
by the Soyinfo Center. Customized/personalized reports 
are “The Perfect Book,” containing exactly the information 
you need on any subject you can deﬁ ne, and they are now 
just a phone call away. For example: Current statistics on 
tofu and soymilk production and sales in England, France, 
and Germany. Or soybean varietal development and genetic 
research in Third World countries before 1970. Or details on 
all tofu cheesecakes and dressings ever made. You name it, 
we’ve got it. For fast results, call us now!
BIBLIO: The software program used to produce this book 
and the SoyaScan database, and to computerize the Soyinfo 
Center Library is named BIBLIO. Based on Advanced 
Revelation, it was developed by Soyinfo Center, Tony 
Cooper and John Ladd.
History of Soybeans and Soyfoods: Many of our digital 
books have a corresponding chapter in our forthcoming 
scholarly work titled History of Soybeans and Soyfoods 
(4 volumes). Manuscript chapters from that book are now 
available, free of charge, on our website, www.soyinfocenter.
com and many ﬁ nished chapters are available free of charge 
in PDF format on our website and on Google Books.
About the Soyinfo Center: An overview of our 
publications, computerized databases, services, and history is 
given on our website.
Soyinfo Center
P.O. Box 234,
Lafayette, CA 94549 USA
Phone: 925-283-2991 Fax: 925-283-9091
 
www.soyinfocenter.com

=== PAGE 12 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   12
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center


=== PAGE 13 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   13
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center


=== PAGE 14 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   14
Copyright © 2021 by Soyinfo Center


=== PAGE 15 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   15
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
1. Minnesota Cooperative Creameries Association founded. 
Renamed Land O’Lakes in 1926 (Important event). 1921.
• Summary: On 7 June 1921, representatives from 320 
Minnesota cooperative creameries met in St. Paul to 
establish the Minnesota Cooperative Creameries Association. 
Its goal: To help the creameries increase the price that they 
receive for butter by improving quality and by strengthening 
the creameries’ marketing efforts.
 In 1924 a contest was held to ﬁ nd a name for the new, 
sweet-cream butter being marketed by the Association; 
“Land O’Lakes” was selected as the winning name.
 In 1926 the popularity and relative brevity of the Land 
O’Lakes name prompted the Association to change its name 
to Land O’Lakes Creameries, Inc.
2. Pantagraph (The) (Bloomington, Illinois). 1922. Piatt 
farmers back soybean mill project. March 17. p. 2.
• Summary: “Monticello, March 16.–(Special.)–Approval of 
the plan to organize a company for the erection and operation 
of a soy bean mill in Monticello, voted at a meeting of 110 
farmers and business men of the Community Club luncheon 
Wednesday noon, was followed by action of the special soy 
bean committee in naming the company the Piatt County Soy 
Bean Products Company and launching plans to ﬁ nance the 
company to the amount of $50,000 by the sale of stock with 
a par value of $100 a share.
 “At the Community Club luncheon I.N. Biebinger 
and F.V . Dillatush, who with Farm Adviser J.W. Watson 
investigated the soy bean mills at Huntington and Peru, 
Indiana, gave interesting reports and suggestions. The former 
spoke on the possibilities of erecting a plant here, and the 
latter on the proposed plan of ﬁ nance.
 “On the motion of J.P. Kratz these plans were adopted 
and the special soy bean committee was continued in 
service.”
 Note 1. This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
concerning the Piatt County Soy Bean Products Company. 
Its name changed several times.
 Note 2. This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
concerning processing of soybeans by a cooperative in the 
United States.
3. Decatur Herald (Decatur, Illinois). 1922. Plan to perfect 
soy bean organization in Monticello Saturday. June 22. p. 11.
• Summary: “Monticello, June 21.–The commissioners of 
the Piatt County Soy Bean Co-operative Company have 
sent notices to all subscribers of stock to meet at the court 
house in Monticello, on Saturday, June 24, at 2 p.m. for the 
purpose of organizing, electing directors, adopting by-laws 
and to transact such other business as may come before the 
subscribers and stockholders.
 “Sufﬁ  cient stock has been subscribed to justify calling 
this meeting and perfecting an organization. Organizing at 
this time, the directors will have ample time to purchase 
necessary machinery and get the plant constructed so that 
beans may be handled at threshing time this fall.
 “Stock has been subscribed in every community in Piatt 
county and several bean growers in adjoining counties have 
become interested in the plant, which is to be located in 
Monticello and will be in hauling distance of every farm in 
Piatt county. It will provide a home market for soy beans.”
4. Decatur Herald (Decatur, Illinois). 1922. Ivesdale. July 3. 
p. 2.
• Summary: “William Tabaka was elected a director of the 
Piatt county Soy Bean Co-operative company at Monticello, 
Saturday.”
5. Decatur Herald (Decatur, Illinois). 1922. Names ofﬁ cers 
in Monticello: Piatt County Soy Bean ﬁ rm selects F. 
Dilatrish [sic, Dilatusk] as president. July 12. p. 12.
• Summary: “Monticello, July 11.–Directors of the Piatt 
County Soybean Co-operative company held a meeting in 
Monticello, July 7 and elected ofﬁ cers as follows:
 “President–F.V . Dilatusk, Monticello.
 “Vice-president–I.N. Biebinger, Milmine.
 “Secy.-treasurer–J.W. Watson, Monticello.
 “The board will purchase machinery for the plant from 
the William Garrigne company of Chicago. They will install 
the solvent extractor type of equipment. The plant will 
probably be located on the Wabash-Illinois Central switch 
near the Farmers’ elevator in Monticello.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
that uses the terms “solvent” or “extractor” in connection 
with a soybean crushing plant in the USA–in this case at 
the cooperative plant at Monticello, Piatt County, Illinois. 
Thus, it is the earliest document seen stating that oil will be 
extracted commercially from soybeans in the USA using this 
HISTORY OF COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING
IN THE UNITED STATES (1923-2021)

=== PAGE 16 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   16
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
new process.
6. Bean-Bag (The) (Lansing, Michigan). 1922. Soy bean 
plant is progressing favorably. 5(2):15. July.
• Summary: “Monticello, Illinois–The local soy bean 
crushing plant is becoming more of a certainty each day, 
and if each of the remaining communities to be solicited 
subscribe proportionately as well as those now worked, 
sufﬁ cient capital will be obtained to start the plant.”
7. Daily Times (Davenport, Iowa). 1922. Form soy bean 
company. Aug. 30. p. 11.
• Summary: “Monticello, Illinois, Aug. 30.–A corporation 
known as the Piatt County Soy Bean Cooperative Co. has 
been organized largely through the efforts of the Piatt County 
Farm bureau to extract and sell by-products of soy beans. 
The plant is under construction now in Monticello. This 
county, it is said, has over 10,000 acres in soy beans this 
year.”
8. Decatur Herald (Decatur, Illinois). 1922. Start building in 
Monticello: soy bean mill expected to be completed within 
three months. Sept. 8. p. 13.
• Summary: “Monticello, Sept. 7–Excavating for Piatt 
county’s new soybean mill was begun Tuesday morning 
by W.F. Lodge. The building will be 50 by 50 feet with a 
concreted basement and frame ﬁ rst story, with sheet metal 
covering. It is expected to have the building ﬁ nished and 
machinery installed in three weeks. The entire cost will be 
$30,000. The Monticello Grain company will store the beans 
and the new building will be used only for oil extraction and 
preparation of by-product feeds.”
9. W.H.L. 1922. The soybean–A crop with a future. Some 
plain facts regarding a remarkable plant of many uses. Ohio 
Farmer 150(15):354. Oct. 7.
• Summary: “The soybean has become deﬁ nitely established 
as a commercial crop in the Middle West. It promises to 
rank with alfalfa as a hay crop; it will give clover a race 
as a soil-improving crop; it has already proven its value 
as a supplement to corn for both silage and hogging down 
purposes. As a cash crop it has great possibilities since the oil 
which it yields is in great demand both for food and for use 
in the arts. Either the raw bean or the resultant cake left after 
the oil is extracted or expressed has a high value as a protein 
supplement when combined with the proper mineral mixture.
 “These are facts which were gleaned at the recent 
Soybean Field Day at the Ohio Experiment Station and 
which account for the remarkable rise in popularity of the 
soybean in the last few years. W.J. Morse, soybean specialist 
of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, told in his talk of 
the thousands of acres that were being devoted to this crop 
in Iowa, Illinois and Indiana. Growers in these states are 
establishing co-operative oil mills, Piatt County, Illinois, 
alone devoting 1,200 acres to soybean seed production and in 
addition has 50,000 acres of soybeans planted in corn.
 “A large part of this development can be credited to 
Mr. Morse, thru his work of introducing and establishing 
soybeans in this country from their native home in 
Manchuria.”
 The ﬁ rst soybean was introduced by the USDA seed 
and plant introduction program in 1899 “and since that time 
between 1,500 and 2,000 introductions have been made by 
the U.S. Department of Agriculture, there being between 800 
and 900 distinct varieties in this number. These varieties are 
given their initial test at the Arlington, Virginia, Experiment 
Farm maintained by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. If 
they prove of value co-operative tests are made in different 
sections of the country by the state experiment stations. If 
a variety proves adaptable to a section of the country it is 
disseminated following its trial by the experiment station, 
ﬁ rst thru tests with picked farmers and then to the farming 
public generally.”
10. Freeport Journal-Standard (Freeport, Illinois). 1922. 
Farm and stock news. Nov. 18. p. 12.
• Summary: “Solvent Method of Extracting Oil: The solvent 
method of extracting oil from soybeans is a proven success 
according to the Piatt County Farm Bureau, Co-operative 
Company’s plant. The machinery is being installed at the 
present time. The Peru Products company recently tested its 
new equipment to extract soybean oil by this method and it 
succeeded in extracting 99.5 per cent of the oil. The meal is 
said to be absolutely free from all odor of the benzol which is 
used as the solvent and to be an excellent feed.”
 Note: Peru Products company appears to be located 
in Illinois. Yet the earliest record seen for that company 
appeared to show that it was in Indiana. There are cities 
named Peru in both Indiana and Illinois.
11. Hackleman, J.C. 1922. Re: Soybean mills in Illinois. 
Letter to W.J. Morse, Forage Crop Investigations, USDA, 
Washington, DC, Nov. 18. 2 p. Typed, with signature on 
letterhead.
• Summary: Statistics for soybeans grown in Illinois, 
compiled by the farm adviser in each county, are 
signiﬁ cantly higher than those estimates reported by USDA’s 
Bureau of Crops.
 The soybean crushing plant at Monticello, Illinois, 
“is making progress but will not be ready to receive beans 
before the ﬁ rst of the year. A number of us went thru the 
plant very carefully. Those folks are very much in earnest 
and I believe will make their plant go across in ﬁ ne shape. 
They are buying their ﬁ rst beans this week taking them in at 
$1.25 per bushel. These are ‘contract’ beans as they are short 
on storage room.
 “Staley [A.E. Staley Mfg. Co., Decatur, Illinois], 
Chicago Heights [Oil Co., Chicago Heights, Illinois], and 

=== PAGE 17 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   17
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
East St. Louis [East St. Louis Cotton Oil Co., East St. Louis, 
Illinois] are all out after beans but the farmers are not selling 
much yet. They will probably begin about January 1.
 “I shall see you December 4. I have my reservation 
at the Atlantic. If you go there, insist on being in the New 
Portion which is ﬁ reproof.”
 Note: This document mentions a soybean crushing plant 
at Monticello, Illinois. It was a cooperative–Piatt County Soy 
Bean Co-operative Co.
 Location: National Archives, College Park, Maryland. 
Record group 54–Bureau of Plant Industry, Soils and 
Agricultural Engineering. Subgroup–Div. of Forage Crops 
and Diseases. Series–Correspondence with State Agric. Exp. 
Stations, 1899-1928. Box 11–Illinois. Folder #6–Illinois Exp. 
Station.
 Sent to Soyfoods Center by Jacob Jones of Purdue 
Univ., Aug. 1998. Address: Crops Extension, Agric. Exp. 
Station, Urbana, Illinois.
12. Gardner, Henry A. 1923. Examination of commercial 
American soya bean oil. Paint Manufacturers’ Association 
of the U.S., Educational Bureau, Scientiﬁ c Section, Circular 
No. 165. p. 117-18. Jan. [1 ref]
• Summary: “As a result of the efforts of the Educational 
Bureau (Footnote: See Circular No. 155 [Nemzek 1922]), 
soya oil has now become an important American crop 
product. The following mills are now crushing the [soy] 
bean and selling the oil, according to the Secretaries of the 
Cottonseed Crushers’ Associations: Chicago Heights Oil 
Co. (Chicago Heights, Illinois), Monticello Co-operative 
Soybean Products Co. (Monticello, Illinois), A.E. Staley 
Mfg. Co. (Decatur, Illinois), East St. Louis Cotton Oil Co. 
(East St. Louis, Illinois), Peru Products Co. (Peru, Indiana), 
Eastern Cotton Oil Co. (Elizabeth City, North Carolina), 
Havens Oil Co. (Washington, North Carolina).” Note 1. 
No additional information is given about any of the above 
companies.
 A table gives an analysis of the two samples of 
American soya bean oil and compares them with the 
A.S.T.M. [American Society for Testing and Materials] 
Tentative Speciﬁ cation Requirements for 1922.
 Note 2. This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
stating that the following companies are actually crushing 
soya beans and selling the oil: Monticello Co-operative 
Soybean Products Co., East St. Louis Cotton Oil Co., Peru 
Products Co., and Eastern Cotton Oil Co. (North Carolina).
 Note 3. This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
that mentions the following company: “Monticello Co-
operative Soybean Products Co.”
13. Morse, W.J. 1923. Growing soy beans as a cash crop: 
Will it pay to produce soy beans for oil and meal in the corn 
belt? Wallaces’ Farmer 48(5):155, 161. Feb. 2.
• Summary: “The very large increase in acreage for [soy-
bean] seed production the past two years–due principally 
to the high price of seed–has resulted in a surplus of seed 
for which a commercial outlet must be found. This has 
been particularly true in some corn belt states and in North 
Carolina.”
 “One oil mill in Illinois the past season crushed about 
10,000 bushels of 1921 corn belt grown soy beans and has 
purchased about 30,000 bushels of the 1922 crop. Several 
other mills in Illinois and Indiana have prepared to crush 
large quantities of the 1922 crop. In Piatt county, Illinois, 
soy bean growers, after careful investigation, concluded that 
a home plant could be handled with economy and proﬁ t. A 
soy bean cooperative company was organized with a capital 
stock of $50,000, the stock being held almost entirely by 
growers in Piatt and adjacent counties. The solvent method 
of extraction has been installed, the capacity being about 
150,000 bushels yearly.”
 “The price of oil seeds is generally governed more 
or less by the price received for the oil, but with the soy 
bean, many are of the opinion that the cake or meal will be 
the governing factor in the purchase price of the beans... 
Cottonseed and linseed oil in reality determine oil prices in 
the edible and commercial ﬁ elds, respectively... In paints, 
varnishes and linoleums, at the present linseed prices and 
supply, soy bean oil may be actually indispensable. Soy bean 
oil has nearly displaced linseed oil as a soft soap material, 
and with the use of hydrogenation process can serve in the 
manufacture of hard soaps, in which it now enters in equal 
quantities with linseed oil.”
 “The largest quantities of soy bean oil are consumed 
in the manufacture of soaps, lard and butter substitutes, and 
paints. Other trade uses are in the manufacture of rubber 
substitutes, linoleum, waterproof liquids, enamels, salad 
oil, printing ink, and waterproof goods, such as cloth for 
umbrellas, etc.”
 “The recent experiments with soy beans and soy bean 
meal at the Indiana and Ohio experiment stations seem to 
have established the fact that soy bean meal or soy beans 
with suitable mineral mixtures, were as effective as high-
grade tankage or meat scraps in the feeding of hogs and 
poultry. The use of the meal as ﬂ our for human food has 
become an important factor in many European countries and 
to an increasing extent in the United States as a food of low 
starch content.
 “In Asiatic countries, the cake or meal is recognized 
as a most valuable fertilizing material, and as such is used 
extensively for sugar plantations, rice ﬁ elds and for mulberry 
trees. It has been used to some extent in the United States by 
manufacturers of fertilizers.”
 A photo shows an ordinary binder, pulled by two horses, 
being used in harvesting soy beans. Address: Agronomist, 
USDA, Washington, DC.
14. Bill, F.W. 1923. Turning soy beans into money: Farmers 

=== PAGE 18 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   18
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
of Piatt county, Illinois, build co-operative soy bean mill. 
Wallaces’ Farmer 48(8):301. Feb. 23.
• Summary:  “A group of farmers down in Piatt county, 
Illinois, have undertaken the task of promoting the soy bean 
to the second rank as a cash crop. They have organized 
a coöperative company and established a soy bean oil 
extracting plant at Monticello in order to provide the 
necessary competition in milling, to be sure that the market 
price of beans will be sufﬁ cient to promote the crop. And 
the farmers are not alone in the venture. Business men 
and bankers, some who have no farms of their own, have 
contributed to the capital stock of the mill.
 “The movement has a double purpose. It is intended to 
forward the work of replacing an unproﬁ table crop, oats, by a 
proﬁ table one. By reducing the oat acreage, and to an extent, 
that of corn, it is expected to help stimulate the price of those 
crops.
 “There is an unlimited ﬁ eld for developing the use of 
beans commercially. The list of products that can and are 
being made from soy bean oil puts the list of corn products 
to shame. Aside from the long list of food products, there are 
the soaps and paints.
 “Another advantage is that the soy bean will bring to the 
corn belt a home-grown high protein feed for live stock. The 
soy bean meal, a by-product of the oil extracting process, can 
be used by dairymen, cattle feeders and hog growers.
 “The Piatt County Farm Bureau, with its adviser, J.W. 
Watson, originated the idea of having a mill. The acreage of 
beans in 1919 was not worth mentioning in the census report. 
There was only a small acreage in 1920. In 1921, 1,700 
acres were planted in Piatt county and several surrounding 
counties also became interested. There were fully 12,000 
acres in the county last year, and there would have been 
three times that many were it not for a shortage of seed. Piatt 
county raised 100,000 acres of corn and 49,000 acres of oats 
annually before the beans came.
 “The Farm Bureau recognizes the difference between 
promoting a crop and ‘booming’ it. If there is a market of 
at least a dollar a bushel for the present crop, then beans 
will be planted this year and the acreage will become 
important enough to reduce the corn acreage materially and 
very materially reduce the acreage in oats. If there is no 
market for the beans, the acreage will be reduced perhaps 
permanently.
 “The market for the oil and for the meal makes 
it possible to pay a good price for the beans, but the 
grinding of the beaus is a new industry, and there is no 
great competition, not enough to prevent the few privately 
owned mills paying as low as they please. That is where 
the cooperative comes in. The farmer-owned mill is more 
interested in the crop and what it will do toward making a 
more prosperous agriculture than in the immediate proﬁ ts 
to be had in grinding beans.
 “There are many ways in which this farmer owned 
milling company intends to promote the bean crop. It intends 
to systematize the marketing and to aid in the storage, 
and to do what it can toward ﬁ nancing the crop, in a local 
manner at least. First of all, the company plans to see that 
a fair price shall be paid for the beans. By the paying of a 
fair price itself, it hopes to compel the other mills to also 
pay a fair price, in that territory, at least. The mill is capable 
of handling most of the beans grown in Piatt county if it is 
operated night and day the year around. An additional unit 
in the equipment will make it possible to double the capacity 
next year if that is advisable.
 “There are about twenty stations in the county that will 
produce from one to ten carloads of beans: Arrangements are 
being made with the elevators at these stations to store the 
beans until there is a good market or until the local mill can 
grind them. Some farmers will have to hold their beans thru 
the year, and next year the organization hopes to be able to 
advance money on these stored beans.
 “The best varieties of seed will be handled thru the mill, 
so that the production will be standard. Both the mill and the 
Farm Bureau will advise farmers of the best cultural methods 
with this new crop. The idea is to promote soy beans in every 
way possible. The farmers admit that it is more or less of 
an experiment, but they can’t see any reason why it should 
not result in success. If it is proved to be successful, other 
cooperative soy bean mills doubtless will spring up over the 
corn belt. Other communities will have a precedent which 
they can follow. The way is paved for farmers themselves 
to get in on the ground ﬂ oor in a new industry, and, more 
important still, to regulate their production of corn and oats.”
 Photos show: (1) Exterior of the “Piatt County Soy Bean 
Mill”. (2) Hulling soybeans in front of a barn on the farm of 
Finis Fouts, Deer Creek, Indiana, and transporting the hay up 
to the loft.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) that 
mentions the “Piatt County Soy Bean Mill.”


=== PAGE 19 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   19
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
15. Decatur Herald (Decatur, Illinois). 1923. Piatt county 
soy bean plant (Photo with caption). March 31. p. 14.
• Summary: This photo shows an outside ground-level view 
of the building. The text below the photo reads:
 “Piatt county’s soy bean plant is now nearing completion 
and will soon be in shape for the test work and experimental 
work that will be carried out before the mill is actually put 
into operation. The plant will have a capacity of from 100 
to 200 bushels of beans a day, using a solvent extractor 
method of taking out the oil. The solvent process is said 
to be the most effective of any in getting the oil out of the 
soy beans. A plant similar to the Monticello plant located 
at Peru, Indiana, has taken the oil out of the beans so that 
the meal has as low as 1.16 per cent oil, and as high as 51 
per cent protein content. Tests will be run as soon as some 
additional equipment is installed. The future supply of beans 
is practically assured, for already there is assurance of at 
least a 50 per cent increase in the acreage of soy beans in the 
county, according to Jack Watson, farm advisor, and some 
are predicting that there will be double the acreage of beans 
in the county that there was last year.”
16. O’Brien, Harry R. 1923. Soy-bean magic: It is shown in 
feedlots as well as in factories. Country Gentleman 88(13):4, 
18. March 31.
• Summary:  See next page. Describes the results obtained 
by feeding a soy-and-mineral ration in a pasture to hogs, 
cows, poultry and horses. The idea was conceived in 1920 
by three faculty men at Purdue University (W.A. Ostrander–
extension farm crops specialist, S.D. Conner–chemist, and 
C.M. Vestal–dep. of animal husbandry). “Soy bean products 
are being used commercially to make salted peanuts and 
peanut brittle, meat substitutes, cheap coffee, synthetic 
milk, margarine, axle grease and other lubricants, chocolate, 
sardine packing oil, lard substitutes, soap, linoleum, artiﬁ cial 
suet, foundry casting-cores, printer’s ink, vegetable cheese, 
toilet powder, fertilizer, high explosives, rubber substitutes, 
waterproof cloth, and salad oil. The Chinaman makes an oil 
to use in lamps as a kerosene substitute.
 “The use of soy-bean products commercially is just in its 
infancy in this country, hitherto the two most important uses 
being paint and soap. Most of the oil used has been imported 
from the Orient... Since 1912, when oil was ﬁ rst produced 
commercially in the United States from home-grown soy 
beans, the oil has been produced by the ﬂ axseed crushing 
mills. But within the past year a number of mills for crushing 
soys alone have been projected. I visited Peru, Indiana [sic, 
Illinois], last summer, where one was being erected, and 
Monticello, Illinois, where a company was being organized 
to erect one.
 “The past year there has been a big demand for soys 


=== PAGE 20 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   20
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
from the paint companies who cannot get enough ﬂ axseed.”
 Prof. W.E. Hanger, extension farm crops specialist at 
Ohio State University, says: “It is quite possible that before 
long, instead of feeding many beans, the farmer will sell his 
bean crop and buy back the soy-bean oil meal to feed... Last 
year there were somewhere between 40,000 and 50,000 acres 
of soy beans grown in Ohio, where in 1920 only about 7,000 
acres were grown... and the acreage will doubtless be largely 
increased this year.”
 Photos show: (1) A man standing in a thriving “thirty-
acre ﬁ eld of soy beans on the farm of Noah Fouts, Camden, 
Indiana. For two years previous this ﬁ eld has been in soy 
beans and corn and pastured with lambs. The present crop 
indicates there is nothing wrong with the system.” (2) A 
man driving a tractor “harvesting and hulling soys in one 
operation on the Homer Johnson farm in Sheridan, Indiana.”
 Note 1. This is the earliest document seen (Sept. 2014) 
that contains a photo of a tractor in or near a ﬁ eld of soy-
beans.
 Note 2. This harvester-thresher looks like a primitive 
combine, which is pulled alongside the tractor. Address: 
Indiana.
17. Hackleman, J.C. 1923. Re: Processing of soybeans by 
oil mills in Illinois. Greatly increased interest in soybeans 
in Illinois. Letter to W.J. Morse, Bureau of Plant Industry, 
USDA, Washington, DC, April 23. 2 p. Typed, with signature 
on letterhead.
• Summary: On April 14 Morse wrote Hackleman asking 
“to what extent the oils mills in Illinois entered upon the 
crushing of domestic grown soybeans the past season.”
 Hackleman replies: “Soybean oil mills have not had 
enough beans this year to supply the demand. I was in 
Staley’s plant last week and they are shut down so far as 
soybean oil is concerned. They told us that they secured 
several carloads of beans in the state, but the seed demand 
soon became so great that prices were soon 
beyond the commercial market and they have not 
attempted to operate the factory recently. The same 
thing is true of the Chicago Heights plant. The 
Monticello plant is just about ready to open.
 “They have been moving very cautiously 
with their plant, watching the Peru plant and 
following their suggestions–proﬁ ting by their 
mistakes. These people have several thousand of 
bushels of beans stored, ready for use as soon as 
the factory is ready to operate.
 “The East St. Louis Company I believe, 
did not succeed in ﬁ nding enough beans to start 
on soys. They felt it unwise to do anything on this 
crop unless they could get several thousands of 
bushels and that seemed impossible.
 “We are seeing a very heavy demand for 
soybeans seed now–beans that were welling at 
$1.00 per bushel in October are now bringing from 
$2.50 to $3.25 per bushel. Present prospects are that we will 
have a considerably greater acreage of beans than we had 
last year. If the chinch bug menace becomes more serious, 
even the present indicated increase is likely to be materially 
enlarged, provided seed can be found in the United States.
 “I was talking with Mr. Sommer of Pekin, who told 
me that in the last three days he had orders for two hundred 
bushels of soybean seed, all of which was requested in small 
lots, from two or three to ﬁ ve or ten bushels. Note: O.J. 
Sommer, a seed dealer, was also president of the Illinois 
Crop Improvement Association in 1923.
 “This of course means a great interest in the crop. We 
are planning on putting out more soybean demonstrations 
this year than we have ever had–not because we feel that the 
crop is not appreciated, but to acquaint people with the better 
varieties. Incidentally we are getting demonstrations started 
in six or eight counties where soybeans have practically 
remained an unknown quantity.”
 Location: National Archives, College Park, Maryland. 
Record group 54–Bureau of Plant Industry, Soils and 
Agricultural Engineering. Subgroup–Div. of Forage Crops 
and Diseases. Series–Correspondence with State Agric. Exp. 
Stations, 1899-1928. Box 11–Illinois. Folder #7–Illinois Exp. 
Station.
 Sent to Soyfoods Center by Jacob Jones of Purdue 
Univ., Aug. 1998. Address: Crops Extension, Agric. Exp. 
Station, Urbana, Illinois.
18. Hackleman, J.C. 1923. Re: Soybean variety 
demonstration in 27 counties. Morse’s upcoming visit. Letter 
to W.J. Morse, Bureau of Plant Industry, USDA, Washington, 
DC, July 9. 2 p. Typed, with signature on letterhead.
• Summary: “Dear Professor Morse:... We have 27 county 
soy bean variety demonstrations this year, and I should like 
very much for you to spend some time with us in this State... 


=== PAGE 21 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   21
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Perhaps, September would be better, since the Corn Belt Soy 
Bean Meeting has been advanced to September 11th.”
 Hackleman and the people at the new soy bean mill 
at Monticello hope that Morse can visit Piatt County for 
a meeting. “They propose to invite the leading soy bean 
growers from Piatt, Champaign, Macon and DeWitt 
counties–make it an invitational affair–and they expect to put 
on a real entertainment for us. Last year they put on one of 
the ﬁ nest ‘feeds’ I ever had the pleasure of attending. They 
had about eight or ten from the College here out to their 
meeting, and I think it was voted a ‘howling success’. Mr. 
Watson, the farm adviser, has asked us to set the date and 
outline the program.
 “They are primarily interested in getting information 
regarding harvesting and handling the soy bean seed crop. 
I thought of having Professor Lehmann, who is chairman 
of a special committee on this subject, appointed by the 
American Society of Agricultural Engineers, to give us a 
report of his ﬁ ndings; to have you give us your observations 
on the machine that are in operation in the east; and then 
to have someone give us a rather detailed statement of the 
experiences of corn belt farmers who are harvesting beans 
with special harvesters. I think these talks, if supplemented 
with a large number of pictures, would be very interesting 
indeed.”
 Morse replies on July 12: “It would surely be a great 
pleasure to be in Piatt County for the meeting, I am very 
anxious indeed to look over that mill and hear the results 
that they have obtained. It may interest you to know that the 
International Vegetable Oil Co. is erecting a new solvent 
process mill at Norfolk [Virginia], and I understand this 
mill will be in operation for soybean about the middle of 
November.”
 Note: As of Sept. 2005, we can ﬁ  nd no subsequent 
records that mention the International Vegetable Oil Co. 
However, in 1924, the Eastern Cotton Oil Co. began solvent 
extraction of soybeans at Norfolk, Virginia.
 Location: National Archives, College Park, Maryland. 
Record group 54–Bureau of Plant Industry, Soils and 
Agricultural Engineering. Subgroup–Div. of Forage Crops 
and Diseases. Series–Correspondence with State Agric. Exp. 
Stations, 1899-1928. Box 11–Illinois. Folder #7–Illinois Exp. 
Station.
 Sent to Soyfoods Center by Jacob Jones of Purdue 
Univ., Aug. 1998. Address: Crops Extension, Agric. Exp. 
Station, Urbana, Illinois.
19. Orange Judd Farmer. 1923. Farmers crushing their own 
beans: New kind of cooperative in Piatt County getting under 
way. 71(14):375. July 15.
• Summary: “A new kind of cooperative association for 
Illinois farming is getting ready for its grand opening early 
in August. This association, known as the Piatt County 
Cooperative Soy Bean Company, has just completed the 
building of an up-to-date, thirty-ﬁ ve thousand dollar crushing 
plant near Monticello, Illinois, and expects to handle a good 
share of the bumper soy bean crop which Central Illinois is 
now grooming for the late summer market...
 “They have built a fair sized plant, with a power 
house adjoining, near the Monticello farmers’ elevator. 
Some specially designed equipment has been installed, and 
according to I.N. Biebinger, manager, every bit of the work 
was done by farmers.”
 The oil is extracted from the ﬂ akes using a solvent, 
benzol. The “solvent process” for extracting the oil is new 
in America. It “has not been tried for soy beans in this 
country since the war, as it was too expensive. However, it is 
considered much better than others now, and gets all but 2.8 
to 4 percent of the oil from the beans. Recently a series of 
four batches were run through the plant, some soys and some 
cotton seed, to test out the equipment, and to determine how 
far to try to extract the oil and still make it proﬁ table. The 
benzol is highly inﬂ ammable... They estimate that the plant 
will have a daily output of about 300 bushels.”
 “With Piatt having about 10,000 acres for seed, 
Champaign County about 50,000 acres, and Macon, 
Moultrie, Douglas and DeWitt counties all heavy producers, 
the plant has a favorable supply of raw product within easy 
reach.”
 “Of the stock which has been sold in the company, no 
one person controls more than 5 shares at $100 per share. 
Anyone could buy stocks, and a large number of business 
men have added to the farmer capital, to help the thing along. 
The ofﬁ cers and executive committeemen are: F.V . Dilatush, 
president; J.W. Watson, secretary-treasurer; J.P. Kratz; Frank 
Mailinder, and I.N. Biebinger, manager. The company was 
incorporated under the Illinois cooperative marketing law 
of 1921, and capitalized at $50,000. $35,000 worth of stock 
have been sold since the men started out last year on the 
project.”
 The plant has its own water supply. They dug a big 
underground reservoir to hold water from a nearby spring. 
Biebinger notes that they did all of the work themselves, 
“which shows you just how much of a farmers’ company 
this really is. There aren’t any plants in this country using 
the solvent process like ours, but over in Europe, they have 
been using it right along since the war, and the extra oil they 
extract pays for the cost of hauling the beans.”
 A photo shows the exterior of the “new Piatt County Co-
op soy bean crushing plant at Monticello.”
 Note 1. This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
in which “Piatt County Cooperative Soy Bean Company” is 
given as the name of this ﬁ rm.
 Note 2. This is the earliest document seen (Sept. 2014) 
that uses the word “elevator” (or “elevators”) in connection 
with soy beans in the United States. Address: Illinois.
20. Hackleman, J.C. 1923. Re: Speakers and program for 

=== PAGE 22 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   22
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
meeting at Monticello, Illinois. Letter to W.J. Morse, Forage-
Crop Investigations, Bureau of Plant Industry, USDA, 
Washington, DC, July 17. 2 p. Typed, with signature on 
letterhead.
• Summary: “My dear Mr. Morse: We have about decided 
that the best time for you to visit Illinois will be the ﬁ rst 
week in September.” They would travel the ﬁ rst four days 
(Sunday to Wed.), then conclude the week “with a meeting in 
Monticello the afternoon and evening of the 5th, and on the 
South Farm, here at the University, all day September 6th, 
thus making September 6th Illinois Soy Bean Day. Friday 
and Saturday have not yet been arranged for...” Then they 
will drive to Wisconsin, visiting two or more soy bean plots 
as they go north.
 The people at the Monticello plant are “anxious that this 
meeting be a most valuable one, from the standpoint of the 
future of the soy bean in Illinois. They are going to discuss 
almost solely the handling of the seed crop. The following 
are the suggested speakers for this meeting:
 “W.J. Morse–’Soy Bean Harvesters in the United States.’
 “E.W. Lehmann–’Summary of a Questionnaire Sent 
5,000 Soy Bean Growers in the Corn Belt.
 “Carl Walker–’My Experience with a Soy Bean 
Harvester.’
 “We were wondering if it would be possible for you to 
get Mr. Clapp, who, I believe, has built a special soy bean 
harvester, to come with you on your western trip, taking in 
the soy bean work in Illinois and going on to Wisconsin... At 
this same meeting they will have at least one administrative 
ofﬁ cer, preferably a member of the board of directors, or 
one of the chief men in the Research Department of the 
International Harvester Company, the John Deere Mfg. 
Company, the Avery Mfg. Company, and perhaps other 
manufacturing companies who might be interested in this 
problem.”
 “Professor Piper tells me you are going to furnish 
me some suggestions for a talk that he wants me to make 
before the American Society of Agronomy, in Chicago, in 
November. I will be glad to have all the help you can give 
me.”
 Location: National Archives, College Park, Maryland. 
Record group 54–Bureau of Plant Industry, Soils and 
Agricultural Engineering. Subgroup–Div. of Forage Crops 
and Diseases. Series–Correspondence with State Agric. Exp. 
Stations, 1899-1928. Box 11–Illinois. Folder #7–Illinois Exp. 
Station.
 Sent to Soyfoods Center by Jacob Jones of Purdue 
Univ., Aug. 1998. Address: Crops Extension, Agric. Exp. 
Station, Urbana, Illinois.
21. Orange Judd Farmer. 1923. Champaign County boosts 
good soy bean seed in special tour. 71(17):1. Sept. 1.
• Summary: Champaign County, Illinois, now grows more 
soy beans than in almost any other county of its size in the 
Corn Belt. About 150 people took a tour of important soy 
bean farms and “listened to some interesting talks on the 
development of this new and popular legume. The morning 
was spent at the farm of John T. Smith, near Tolono. Mr. 
Smith began growing soys for seed in 1910, and with C.F. 
Meharry, where the afternoon meeting was held, was a 
pioneer in the soy bean movement in central Illinois. There 
are 500 acres of about 99.9 percent pure seed around Tolono, 
and all of it is certiﬁ ed Manchu variety, which these men 
believe is best for corn belt farms. The best results on the 
Meharry farm, managed by W.E. Riegel, have been secured 
with a rotation of corn (soy beans in the corn), soy beans, 
wheat and sweet clover...
 “Several good talks were made on the tour by Prof. 
J.C. Hackleman, of the University of Illinois; O.J. Sommer, 
president of the Illinois Crop Improvement Association; C.H. 
Oathout, former advisor in Champaign County...
 “’Three events are coming which should be remembered 
by soy bean growers,’ announced J.C. Hackleman. ‘The 
new Monticello soy bean products plant opens for business 
September 5, and the next day, there will be our annual Soy 
Bean Day at Urbana, with reports on experiments and a 
chance to see all varieties growing on the University farm. 
Then September 11, a National Soy Bean Day will be held at 
Madison, Wisconsin, and all states are in on that program.’”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Oct. 1999) that 
refers to a soy bean “movement” in the United States.
22. Decatur Herald (Decatur, Illinois). 1923. The Piatt 
County Soy Bean co. will have a public opening of their 
plant... Sept. 3. p. 8.
• Summary: “... on Wednesday, Sept. 5. Visitors will be 
shown through the plant and afterwards a meeting will be 
held in the Opera House, at which talks will be given by 
Prof. W.S. Morse [sic, W.J. Morse] of the U. of I. Dept. of 
Agriculture [sic, U.S. Dept. of Agriculture] and H.S. Gridley 
of the U. of I.; J.W. Bodman of Chicago and F.V . Dilatush of 
Monticello.”
 Note: The above errors are corrected in a similar article 
titled “Plant to Open September 5,” which appeared in the 
issue of Sept. 4, p. 7.
23. Morse, W.J. 1923. Re: Odds and ends. Letter to A. 
Lydenberg, Div. of Forage Crops, Bureau of Plant Industry, 
USDA, Washington, DC, Sept. 8. 1 p. Handwritten, with 
signature on hotel letterhead.
• Summary: “Dear Lydenberg: Please have McKee attend to 
the enclosed letter from Mr. Ares. Am having sent from the 
Monticello soybean mill 10 lbs. of soybean meal. Wish you 
would turn over to Mr. Buchanan, Ofﬁ ce of Exhibits, 2nd 
ﬂ oor, 5th wing of our building about 8 lbs. of this meal, the 
two pounds I desire to keep in the ofﬁ ce.
 “If the cake or meal comes from the Chicago Heights 
ﬁ rm you can turn all of the cake and meal over to Mr. 

=== PAGE 23 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   23
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Buchanan.
 “Have had rather a strenuous time since leaving 
Washington [DC]. Two soybean meetings a day and 
occasionally three.
 “Address mail after Monday to Ames, Iowa, c/o 
Sheldon-Munn Hotel. Yours sincerely,...”
 Location: National Archives, College Park, Maryland. 
Record group 54–Bureau of Plant Industry, Soils and 
Agricultural Engineering. Subgroup–Div. of Forage Crops 
and Diseases. Series–General Correspondence, 1905-29. Box 
92–Morgan-Morse.
 Sent to Soyinfo Center by Matthew Roth of Rutgers 
Univ., March 2012. Address: The Inman Hotel, Champaign, 
Illinois.
24. Product Name:  Soy Bean Oil, and Soy Bean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Piatt County Soy Bean Co-
operative Co.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Monticello, Piatt County, 
Illinois.
Date of Introduction:  1923 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
New Product–Documentation:  Pantagraph (The) 
(Bloomington, Illinois). 1922. Piatt farmers back soybean 
mill project. March 17. p. 2. “Monticello, March 16.–
(Special.)–Approval of the plan to organize a company for 
the erection and operation of a soy bean mill in Monticello, 
voted at a meeting of 110 farmers and business men of the 
Community Club luncheon Wednesday noon, was followed 
by action of the special soy bean committee in naming the 
company the Piatt County Soy Bean Products Company and 
launching plans to ﬁ nance the company to the amount of 
$50,000 by the sale of stock with a par value of $100 a share.
 “At the Community Club luncheon I.N. Biebinger 
and F.V . Dillatush, who with Farm Adviser J.W. Watson 
investigated the soy bean mills at Huntington and Peru, 
Indiana, gave interesting reports and suggestions. The former 
spoke on the possibilities of erecting a plant here, and the 
latter on the proposed plan of ﬁ nance.”
 Gardner, Henry A. 1923. “Examination of commercial 
American soya bean oil.” Paint Manufacturers’ Association 
of the U.S., Educational Bureau, Science Section, Circular. 
No. 165. p. 117-18. Jan. “The following mills are now 
crushing the bean and selling the oil... Monticello Co-
operative Soybean Products Co., Monticello, Illinois.”
 Bill, F.W. 1923. “Turning soy beans into money: 
Farmers of Piatt county, Illinois, build co-operative soy 
bean mill.” Wallaces’ Farmer 48(8):301. Feb. 23. “A group 
of farmers down in Piatt county, Illinois, have undertaken 
the task of promoting the soy bean to the second rank as a 
cash crop. They have organized a coöperative company and 
established a soy bean oil extracting plant at Monticello in 
order to provide the necessary competition in milling, to 
be sure that the market price of beans will be sufﬁ cient to 
promote the crop.”
 O’Brien, Harry R. 1923. “Soy-bean magic: It is shown 
in feedlots as well as in factories.” Country Gentleman 
88(13):4, 18. March 31. “But within the past year a number 
of mills for crushing soys alone have been projected. I 
visited Peru, Indiana, last summer, where one was being 
erected, and Monticello, Illinois, where a company was 
being organized to erect one.”
Orange Judd Farmer. 1923. “Champaign County 
boosts good soy bean seed in special tour.” 71(17):1. Sept. 
1. “’Three events are coming which should be remembered 
by soy bean growers,’ announced J.C. Hackleman. ‘The 
new Monticello soy bean products plant opens for business 
September 5, and the next day, there will be our annual Soy 
Bean Day at Urbana,...’” Decatur Herald (Decatur, Illinois). 
1924. The second annual meeting of the stockholders of the 
Piatt County Soy Bean Co-operative company was held... 
Jan. 29. p. 11. A.E. Burwash “stated that they had milled 
7,500 bushels of soy beans... and sold 26¼ tons of oil.” Note: 
They probably did this in the fall of 1923.
Grain Dealers’ Journal. 1929. “Monticello, Illinois.” 
Oct. 25. p. 550. Walter Flumerfelt has leased the Piatt County 
soybean mill.
 Kishlar, Lamar. 1941. “Paci ﬁ c coast mills ﬁ rst to crush 
soybeans in United States in 1910.” Soybean Digest. July. p. 
11. “The following year [1923] the ﬁ rst solvent extraction 
plant for use on soybeans was built at Monticello, Illinois. 
It was 1929, however, before commercial production was 
started in the Monticello plant due to the fact that beans were 
not available at a price which was satisfactory...”
Soybean Digest. 1944. Expansion by General Mills. Feb. 
p. 18. Walter E. Flumerfelt, who joined General Mills, Inc. 
in July, 1943, “has been in the soybean business for about 
15 years. He operated his own solvent extraction soybean 
processing plant–a batch arrangement–at Monticello, Illinois, 
starting in 1929. He was a director in the National Soybean 
Processing Association for eight years.”
 Markley, Klare S.; Goss, Warren H. 1944. Soybean 
Chemistry and Technology. Brooklyn, New York: Chemical 
Publishing Co. vii + 261 p. See p. 139-40. “This ill-fated 
undertaking, sometimes referred to as the Monticello Grain 
Company, was apparently unable to cope with the scarcity 
of soybeans and was in operation only for about 6 months 
during 1923-24.”
25. Decatur Herald (Decatur, Illinois). 1923. Piatt court to 
convene Jan. 3. Dec. 11. p. 11.
• Summary: “Monticello, Dec. 10–... A.E. Burwash returned 
from Chicago Saturday, where he sold ﬁ ve cars of seed beans 
for the Piatt County Soy Bean Company.”
26. Decatur Herald (Decatur, Illinois). 1923. Believe beans 
here to stay: good prices for 1923 crop Dec. 11. p. 11.
• Summary: “Contrary to the belief that there would be a 

=== PAGE 24 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   24
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
weak market for soy beans this year on account of the greatly 
increased acreage during the past year, there has been a keen 
demand for seed from the popular varieties, and Piatt county 
farmers have been cashing in on their crop at prices ranging 
from $1.40 to $2.50 a bushel. Soy beans have been one of 
the money crops of the rotation during the past year, and the 
unexpected strong demand for the seed has indicated to the 
growers there that the soy bean has come to stay in the corn 
belt rotation, and that the market is not yet saturated to the 
point where it is not proﬁ table to produce the crop for seed.
 According to Mr. Biebinger, former manager of the 
Monticello soy bean plant, growers have been ﬁ nding a 
ready market for all of their seed, and so far there has been 
thousands of bushels of seed shipped out of the country, all 
of which was sold for much higher prices than the growers 
had expected to obtain all during the growing season.
 “Here to Stay: ‘I believe the soy bean has come to stay 
in this section of the country,’ he said. ‘There has been a 
greatly increased acreage and nearly all of the growers were 
surprised when representatives of seed companies started 
ﬂ ocking into the country, and when they were able to unload 
their common seed at around $1.50 and the sharp market 
kept steadily rising until it has reached the $2.50 mark for 
Manchus and other popular seed varieties. It seems that the 
market is not saturated, and that the beans will continue to be 
a proﬁ table crop in the hands of good farmers another year.’
 “’A.E. Burwash, manager of the Piatt county soy bean 
plant at Monticello, has been handling seed for the farmers, 
and shipped 16 carloads of seed beans about two weeks 
ago. The plant has been doing this as an accommodation 
to the members, and the crop has been handled on about a 
5 per cent margin. The plant could operate at a proﬁ t until 
the prices of beans mount above the $1.50 mark, and then 
the plant shut down and started handling the seed for the 
members. Present indications point to a large acreage of the 
beans in the county again next year.’
 “’I believe,’ he said, ‘that the plant at Monticello has 
been a wonderful inﬂ uence on the market in Piatt county, and 
that it has made money for the farmers in raising the price 
of seed beans to a point where the crop has been one of the 
proﬁ table ones of the rotation.’”
 Note: This article states that the solvent plant at 
Monticello operated for a while, but it does not say from 
when to when. Probably during the fall of 1923.
27. Gardner, Henry A. 1923. Examination of commercial 
American soya bean oil. Institute of Paint and Varnish 
Research, Educational Bureau, Scientiﬁ c Section, 
Proceedings. p. 117-18. For the year 1923. [1 ref]
• Summary: This is a reprint of Circular 165 by the same 
author with the same title published in Jan. 1923 by the 
Paint Manufacturers’ Association of the U.S., Educational 
Bureau, Science Section (p. 117-18). Address: Philadelphia, 
Pennsylvania.
28. SoyaScan Notes. 1923. Early history of soybean 
crushing, including solvent extraction, in the USA 
(Overview). Compiled by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: The ﬁ rst documented crushing of soybeans in 
the USA to obtain oil and meal took place in 1911 (probably 
not in 1910 as some accounts say) at Seattle, Washington. 
The soybeans were imported from Manchuria by the Albers 
Brothers Milling Co. and sold to Herman Meyer, who 
operated a small hydraulic press in Seattle. His establishment 
was later named Paciﬁ c Oil Mills.
 The second U.S. crusher, and the ﬁ rst to crush 
American-grown soybeans, was the Elizabeth City Oil and 
Fertilizer Co. in Elizabeth City, North Carolina; ordinarily a 
cottonseed crusher, they began crushing soybeans on 15 Dec. 
1915. At that time, North Carolina was America’s leading 
soybean producing state. By 1916 seven cottonseed mills in 
North Carolina were crushing soybeans.
 Soybeans grown in the Corn Belt were ﬁ rst crushed for 
oil and meal in 1919 (probably not in 1917 or 1918 as one 
account says) by the Chicago Heights Oil Manufacturing 
Co. in Chicago Heights, Illinois (located just south of 
Chicago). The plant, operated by George Brett and I. 
Clark Bradley, primarily crushed linseed for oil, but it also 
crushed soybeans, corn germ and mustard seed. For the ﬁ rst 
few years the soybeans were crushed using screw presses 
(expellers) which were generally used for crushing corn 
germs, but by 1922 they were using hydraulic presses. In. 
Aug. 1923 the company went out of business for lack of 
soybeans. In 1924 Funk Bros. Seed Co. of Bloomington, 
Illinois, bought the Chicago Heights plant (Otto Eisenschiml 
1929, American Paint Journal. March 18. p. 22-30; Soybean 
Digest, Sept. 1944, p. 18-19 and May 1945, p. 15).
 The A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co. in Decatur, Illinois, 
ﬁ rst began crushing soybeans on 30 Sept. 1922. Staley was 
the ﬁ rst company to construct a plant solely for the purpose 
of crushing soybeans, the ﬁ rst to crush only soybeans in a 
U.S. plant, and the ﬁ rst to crush only domestically-grown 
soybeans in a U.S. plant. Staley was also the only one of the 
early U.S. soybean crushers that survived under the same 
ownership for more than several years. Although Staley 
operated at a loss from 1922 to 1924 due to a shortage of 
soybeans, in 1925 an upswing began and from that year 
until 1957 Staley was America’s leading soybean crusher 
(Forrestal 1982, p. 60-66).
 In Aug. 1923 the Piatt County Cooperative Soy Bean 
Company (soon renamed the Monticello Co-operative 
Soybean Products Co.) in Monticello, Illinois became the 
ﬁ rst company in the U.S. to process soybeans using solvent 
extraction. The plant was scheduled to open for business 
on 5 Sept. 1923. They used a batch extraction process with 
benzol as a solvent. The plant was shut down in about 1924-
26 (Orange Judd Farmer. 1923. July 15, p. 375; Journal of 

=== PAGE 25 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   25
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
the American Oil Chemists’ Society. 1977. March. p. 202A).
 The ﬁ rst continuous solvent extraction of soybeans was 
done by the Eastern Cotton Oil Co. in Norfolk, Virginia, 
starting in 1924, and using a Bollmann extractor imported 
from Germany. The plant closed in 1925, being unproﬁ table 
(W.H. Goss. 1941. Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering. 
April. p. 80; Journal of the American Oil Chemists’ Society. 
1977. March. p. 202A). As early as 1926 the William O. 
Goodrich Company (acquired by the Archer-Daniels-
Midland Co. [ADM] in 1928) had been experimenting with 
solvent extraction of soybean and other vegetable seeds 
using a Scott batch extraction system.”
 Note: In 1929 the Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. started 
crushing soybeans, using hydraulic presses, at its plants in 
Chicago (Illinois), and Toledo, Ohio (Marion Cross 1954, p. 
40).
 In 1933 Robert Boyer and coworkers at the Ford Motor 
Company developed the Ford Extractor using hexane as a 
solvent. By 1934 it processed 6 tons of soybeans a day using 
a screw inside of a metal tube. It was probably the ﬁ rst to use 
hexane as a solvent. They had a working extractor in Ford’s 
Industrialized Barn at the 1934 World’s Fair in Chicago.
 ADM initiated large-scale solvent extraction of soybeans 
in the USA (Chicago, Illinois) in 1934. ADM purchased from 
Germany a 150-ton-per day capacity Hildebrandt continuous-
ﬂ ow, counter-current (U-tube) hexane solvent extractor. 
It began operation in March 1934 on Blackhawk Street in 
Chicago. It was America’s ﬁ rst successful continuous solvent 
extractor; at the time it was also America’s largest and most 
modern soybean crushing system, and the ﬁ rst to use hexane 
as a solvent with soybeans.
 In 1937 Central Soya purchased from Germany an 
even larger continuous solvent unit, a 275-ton-per-day 
capacity Hansa Muehle extractor, which began operation in 
November 1937 at Decatur, Indiana.
29. Decatur Herald (Decatur, Illinois). 1924. The second 
annual meeting of the stockholders of the Piatt County Soy 
Bean Co-operative company was held... Jan. 29. p. 11.
• Summary: “... Saturday afternoon in the county court 
room. The ﬁ ve directors whose terms expired were re-
elected. They are:
 “W.E. McCartney, Cisco.
 “J.E. Rankin, Monticello.
 “C.W. Tabaka, Ivesdale.
 “G.R. Trenchard, Deland.
 “Dr. W.G. McPherson, Bement.
 “A.E. Burwash gave an interesting report of the year’s 
work. He stated that they had milled 7,500 bushels of soy 
beans. There were six cars of the beans sold for seed in 
December and so far 15 cars of the beans have been sold 
for seed this month. They sold 26¼ tons of oil. The prices 
ranging from eight to nine and one-forth cents a pound.”
30. Decatur Herald (Decatur, Illinois). 1924. Monticello 
docket settings prepared. Nov. 25. p. 5.
• Summary: “... Piatt County Soy Bean Co-op. Co. vs. 
Wabash Ry. [Railway] Co., and Indiana Harbor Ry. Co.;...”
31. Decatur Herald (Decatur, Illinois). 1925. Plan to operate 
soy bean mill in Piatt. April 16. p. 7.
• Summary: “Monticello, April 15. In a meeting of the board 
of directors of the Piatt county Soy Bean Co-operative Co., 
in Monticello Saturday, further plans were developed for the 
operation of the mill. Nine of the 15 directors were present, 
the others being detained at home by school elections.
 “The stockholders in their annual meeting in February 
expressed themselves as favoring the contract plan. This 
likely will be developed by the ofﬁ cers of the mill along with 
other plans.
 “The annual election of of ﬁ cers was held Saturday as 
follows: President, Frank V . Dilatush, Monticello; vice-
president I.N. Biebinger, Milmine; secretary-treasurer, T.W. 
Lamb, Bement.”
32. Decatur Daily Review (Decatur, Illinois). 1925. Plan 
reﬁ nancing soy bean mill: Monticello plant may resume 
operation. Project explained. Stockholders okeh [OK] 
methods of ofﬁ cers. Aug. 22. p. 2.
• Summary: “Monticello, Aug. 22–Approval of the plans 
of the ofﬁ cers and directors of the Piatt County Soy Bean 
Milling company [notice new name] reﬁ nance the plant 
and get it ready to operate this fall was voted in a meeting 
of the stockholders at a meeting held in the Farm Bureau 
headquarters Wednesday afternoon this week. At that time 
the entire situation involving the idle plant in this city was 
discussed and made plain to all the stockholders who were 
in attendance, and the tentative plans of the ofﬁ cers and 
directors, formed at previous meetings of those ofﬁ cials, 
were explained.”
 “Cost more: The soy bean plant was organized in 1921. 
The cost was about $10,000 more than the ofﬁ cers 
and 
directors of the company originally had ﬁ gured. The amount 
included a mechanic’s lien, and they have been carrying the 
indebtedness.
 “W.F. Lodge, holder of the lien, has not and does not 
want to foreclose it, because the company was formed 
as a co-operative concern with about 100 [?] farmers as 
stockholders. While Mr. Lodge has had offers that would 
permit of his selling the plant at a proﬁ t, he did not want the 
farmer-stockholders to stand this loss.
 “Debenture Bonds: Determined efforts, therefore, have 
been made recently to reﬁ nance the mill, and it appears 
quite likely these efforts will be successful, for among 
the stockholders already there has been found a sufﬁ cient 
number who will take debenture bonds of from $100 to $500 
to take care of the indebtedness.
 “That the mill has already been of bene ﬁ t to the soy 

=== PAGE 26 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   26
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
bean growing farmers of the district is a certainty, for some 
of them, particularly C.W. Tabaka, of Ivesdale, and Lester 
Berry, of Lintner, have expressed themselves to the effect 
that the mill has been of great beneﬁ t to them. In addition 
to handling seed soy beans for these two men, the mill also 
handled a few carloads of beans which brought good returns 
to these farmers.
 “The Ofﬁ  cers: The present ofﬁ cers are company are: 
President, Frank V . Dilatush, Monticello; vice-president 
I.N. Biebinger, Milmine; secretary treasurer, T.W. Lamb, 
Bement.”
33. Eisenschiml, Otto. 1929. History and prospects of 
domestic soya bean oil. American Paint Journal 13(22):22, 
24, 26, 28, 30. March 18. [2 ref]
• Summary:  Soya beans were ﬁ rst 
brought to America in 1804 and “were 
grown as a curiosity until 1880, when 
commercial crops began to appear here 
and there. In 1914 only 2,000 acres were 
planted in beans in the state of Illinois, 
but by 1927, this acreage had increased 
to 776,000. In the entire United States 
50,000 acres were planted in 1917, 
2,500,000 in 1924, and the acreage 
for 1928 was 2,847,000. Figuring an 
average yield of 18 bushels to the acre, 
it can readily be seen that the soya bean crop is ﬁ ghting its 
way through to the smaller major crops of our country with a 
rapid stride.”
 “North Carolina led the way and produced a small 
amount of [soya] oil in 1916 and intermittently from then 
on. The ﬁ rst oil was produced in a cotton oil mill with 
the existing machinery and during a time when the mill 
otherwise would have been idle.
 “Pioneers of the industry: So far as I have been able 
to ascertain, the ﬁ rst soya bean oil made outside of North 
Carolina was made at Chicago Heights, Illinois, in 1920 
by the Chicago Heights Oil Manufacturing Company. An 
Anderson expeller was used, and I bought and sold the 
ﬁ rst 20 barrels made. In 1922 oil was made by the A.E. 
Staley Manufacturing Company, of Decatur, Illinois. At 
that time only one expeller was installed by this concern, 
but two more were installed shortly afterwards and 90,000 
bushels of beans were crushed. The capacity of this mill 
today is over a million bushels per year. Mr. A.E. Staley, a 
North Carolinian by birth, is taking an active interest in all 
developments pertaining to soya beans. In 1923 the Blish 
Milling Company, of Seymour and Crothersville, Indiana, 
also began to crush soya beans, and their production rose to 
317,000 pounds in the season 1927-28.
 “In 1924 Funk Brothers, of Bloomington, Illinois, joined 
the ranks of these pioneers, engaging the services of I.C. 
Bradley, of the Chicago Heights Oil Mfg. Co., and one of 
the greatest living authorities on soya beans and their allied 
lines. Mr. Bradley today has under his supervision mills 
that will crush in the season of 1928-29 a probable total 
of 700,000 gallons. This compares with a total of 20,000 
gallons made by him in Chicago Heights in 1921.
 “The total domestic production of oil was too small to 
be tabulated by the Bureau of the Census in Washington until 
the year 1922, when the production was given as 751,000 
pounds. Since that time it has risen in 1928 to 4,716,000 
pounds as may be seen from the following table:
 “1922–751,000 pounds.
 “1923–1,404,000 pounds.
 “1924–950,000 pounds.
 “1925–2,520,000 pounds.
 “1926–2,645,000 pounds.
 “1927–3,088,000 pounds.
 “1928–4,716,000 pounds (estimate).
 “The greatest handicap the soya bean oil industry has 
had to combat has been the scarcity of mill beans. Only one 
or two mills have ever been able to run the year through. The 
farmers would either feed the beans to live stock or else they 
would hold them for seed purposes so that the mills could 
not work continuously and therefore economically. Last year 
Funk Brothers, in connection with the American Milling 
Company, at Peoria, offered the farmers a base price of $1.35 
a bushel for a quantity up to a million bushels received for 
crushing purposes, and thereby seem to have stabilized their 
source of supply.
 “At the present time new mills for the crushing of 
beans are springing up everywhere and others are planned 
in various localities. Soya beans are now being grown in 
practically all states east of the Mississippi, and the erection 
of oil mills appears quite a logical sequence, especially in 
the South where existing facilities could be utilized to good 
advantage.”
 In crushing soya beans, “some producers are using 
expellers; others are using hydraulic presses. One mill, at 
Monticello, Illinois, used an extraction plant, but apparently 
not with good success. The solvent used was benzol, and 
difﬁ culties were encountered in removing the last traces of 
solvent from the meal.”
 A table shows imports of Manchurian soya bean oil 
from 1918 (335.98 million lb) to 1928 (13.12 million lb), 
and exports of soya bean oil from the USA during the same 
period. “A 2½ cents per pound duty on foreign soya bean 
oil has been in effect since 1922 which makes it impossible 
for it to compete with domestic products of a similar nature 
except in localities where the freight rate offsets the duty, 
principally on the Paciﬁ c Coast.”
 “Soya bean oil can be used in unlimited quantities for 
soap making purposes; it can also be used as an edible oil, 
but is not particularly well adapted for that purpose.” Other 
uses are those in the paint and varnish industry, in which 
ﬁ eld soya bean oil has a well-deﬁ ned place.


=== PAGE 27 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   27
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Footnote on page 26: “Crop Reporting Board, 
Washington, D.C.–According to its ofﬁ cial ﬁ gures the 
[soybean] acreage for the whole United States in 1927 was 
2,815,000 with the following disposition:
 “Hay, 1,653,000;
 “grain, 621,000;
 “grazing, hoggings [hogging down], silage, etc., 
541,000.
 “For 1928 the ﬁ  gures show a total crop of 2,847,000 
acres with the following disposition:
 “Hay, 1,725,000;
 “grain, 651,000;
 “grazing, hogging, silage, etc., 471,000.
 “For the state of Illinois the total acreage in 1927 of 
776,000 was divided as follows:
 “429,000 acres grown alone;
 “347,000 acres grown in corn.
 “The Government board allows the latter 1/10 
equivalent of solid acreage which would make a total solid 
acreage for Illinois of 464,700.”
 Note: This paper was ﬁ rst read before the Northwest 
Paint & Varnish Production Club, Minneapolis, Minnesota, 
on 11 March 1929. It was next read before the annual 
meeting of the American Soybean Association, on 10 Sept. 
1930, at the University of Illinois at Urbana.
 A small portrait photo shows Otto Eisenschiml. Address: 
President, Scientiﬁ c Oil Compounding Co., Chicago, Illinois.
34. Grain Dealers’ Journal. 1929. Monticello, Illinois 
[Walter Flumerfelt leases Piatt County soybean mill]. 
63(8):550. Oct. 25.
• Summary: “The soy bean mill built in 1922 by a group of 
Piatt county farmers thru a corporation they organized has 
been leased to Walter Flumerfelt, Des Moines, Iowa, who 
has reconditioned the plant after its 4 years of idleness. It is 
estimated that there are 12,000 acres of beans in the county 
and only 2,000 acres under contract. The mill is located 
near the Farmers Elevator and the beans are received at the 
elevator and sent thru a conveyor to the mill. The mill has a 
capacity of 300 bushels per day.”
35. Bumstead, Charles M.; Tippett, Darrell J. 1937. 
Centennial history: Monticello, Illinois, July 4, 1837–July 
4, 1937. Monticello, Illinois. 64 p. See p. 54-55. No index. 
Illust. (incl. ports). 37 cm.
• Summary: This “book” consists of large (14.5 inches 
tall), laminated, spiral bound pages. On page 55 we read: 
“Soybean Co-operative Company: By 1922 soybeans were 
taking an important place in the rotation on Piatt County 
farms. As is all other enterprises, production had been the 
ﬁ rst thought, but soon the marketing end came in for due 
consideration. In this behalf, the Piatt County Soy Bean Co-
operative Company was organized. The object was to supply 
a local market for beans through building a processing plant. 
Stock was practically all owned by farmers. A small photo of 
the plant appears on p. 54.
 Note: Talk with Lynn Richardson at Allerton Public 
Library in Monticello, Illinois. She worked for VioBin 
for several years. The old mill is gone. Only the VioBin 
buildings now stand on that property. Address: Monticello, 
Illinois.
36. Messenger (The) (Madisonville, Kentucky). 1940. 
Soybean cooperative plans sale of stock. Sept. 14. p. 6.
• Summary: “Henderson, Sept. 14.–Friday, the executive 
committee with other active members of the Ohio Valley Soy 
Bean co-operative, worked out details in an all-day meeting.
 “The details were mainly on plans for selling $15,000 of 
preferred stock at ﬁ ve per cent interest in the co-operative for 
establishment of the mill.
 “Certi ﬁ cates are being printed and already, the 
committee reports that it has secured the subscriptions for 
$3,000.
 “Anyone anxious to speed up operations is asked to get 
in touch with the temporary secretary, Miss Marianna Moss, 
at the Farm Bureau ofﬁ ce.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
concerning the Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-operative of 
Henderson, Kentucky.
37. Owensboro Messenger (The) (Owensboro, Kentucky). 
1940. Soy beans co-operative sells preferred stock. Sept. 15. 
p. 14.
• Summary: “Henderson, Kentucky, Sept. 14.–The executive 
committee of the Ohio Valley Soy Bean co-operative, 
meeting here Friday, heard reports showing $3,000 in 
preferred stock in the organization have been sold. The 
committee is seeking to dispose of $15,000 worth of the 
stock to supplement $30,000 in common stock disposed of 
among soy bean growers.
 “The executive committee is composed of Charles B. 
Smith. of Evansville and Reed Kentucky; George Vandiver, 
Henderson, and Oscar Keck, Mt. Vernon, Indiana.”
38. Photographs of the Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-operative 
plant, under construction in Henderson Co., Kentucky. 1940. 
Henderson Co., Kentucky.
• Summary: Two black-and-white digital photos were sent 
to Soyinfo Center in March 2007 by Al Reisz, Jr., son of the 
key man in organizing and running this cooperative. These 
photos show the ﬁ rst cooperative soybean processing plant in 
the USA:
 (1) The Co-op plant under construction. If you look 
closely, you can see railroad tracks in the foreground. The 
soybean meal was loaded from the warehouse at the right 
end of the plant onto rail cars. The oil extraction plant had 
not yet been constructed in this ﬁ rst photo. The company 
name and logo (the cardinal) can be seen in this photo.

=== PAGE 28 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   28
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 (2) In this second photo, taken several months after the 
ﬁ rst, the oil extraction plant is visible.
39. Messenger (The) (Madisonville, Kentucky). 1940. Bean 
delivery drawing near; Henderson mill may open doors 
during the week. Dec. 2. p. 6.
• Summary: “Henderson, Dec. 2.–G.W. Allen, general 
manager of the Ohio Valley Soy Bean co-operative, Saturday 
announced that construction of the new plant in Henderson 
was running along smoothly and that the plant would 
probably be receiving beans sometime this week.
 “The foundation and basement ﬂ oor have been ﬁ nished 
and carpenters are now ready for the building proper. The 
elevators have been erected and completed and several 
conveyors have been ﬁ nished also. The remaining conveyors 
are expected to be installed by Friday.
 “An order for the presses has been placed with the 
French Oil Mill Machine Company of Piqua, Ohio, Mr. Allen 
stated.”
40. Goss, W.H. 1941. Modern practice in solvent extraction. 
Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering 48(4):80-84. April.


=== PAGE 29 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   29
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
• Summary: The American soybean processing industry uses 
hydrocarbons “to solvent-extract about 350,000 tons of beans 
per year, i.e., over 20% of its operations.”
 “Solvent extraction of soybeans, as we know it, did not 
originate in the U.S. Its reduction to practice occurred in the 
twenties and early thirties and was the natural result of the 
requirements of Germany and the Low Countries for supplies 
of edible oils and of protein feeds for their livestock. In 
Europe, a soybean extraction industry evolved quite logically 
as a result of (1) the ability of the German trade program to 
make available plentiful supplies of Manchurian beans, (2) 
the necessity for recovering the utmost yield of oil in order 
to meet domestic deﬁ ciencies, and (3) the unique adaptability 
of soybeans to solvent extraction.”
 “As far back as the early twenties, efforts were made 
to solvent-extract soybeans in this country. A Bollman 
[Bollmann] type of extractor at Norfolk, Virginia [owned 
by the Eastern Cotton Oil Co.], ran local soybeans in 1924-
1925 and attempted to process imported ﬂ axseed, but the 
project was unsuccessful. Another Norfolk plant used Scott 
rotary extractors on a variety of oil-bearing seeds, including 
soybeans and copra, during the same period. About a year 
earlier, a batch solvent system at Monticello, Illinois, also 
failed. The ﬁ rst successful large-scale operations were those 
of the Archer-Daniels-Midland and the Glidden companies 
who installed Hildebrandt type extractors in Chicago 
during 1934 and 1935. The Glidden plant was destroyed by 
an explosion in 1935 but was immediately rebuilt with a 
doubled capacity.”
 “At present, there are 5 solvent systems used in large-
scale soybean extraction in this country, 2 of them being of 
German and 3 of American origin. These are installed in 8 
large (over 50 tons of beans per day) and 2 small plants. At 
least one other system is operated on a relatively small scale” 
(see table 2).
 An extractor of the Allis-Chalmers type processes 
soybeans at Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Until recently, another 
processed soybeans at Evansville, Indiana (probably for 
American Soya Products Corp.).
 “The enthusiasm which ran high in the early 1930’s 
for the ‘industrialized barn’ type of soybean extractor 
has become more rationalized, and at least 2 technically 
satisfactory types of extractors have resulted. The Ford 
Motor Co. developed one consisting of an inclined tube 
housing an internal screw which conveys beans upward 
against a countercurrent solvent ﬂ ow. It is now being used in 
one large and 2 small plants, all owned and operated by Ford.
 “There has evolved, from work done by Iowa State 
College and by the R. & H. Chemicals Department of E.I. 
du Pont de Nemours & Co., an extraction system which, in 
simple terms, might be described as a Ford extractor running 
backwards. It is designed for solvents heavier than soybean 
oil, speciﬁ cally trichloroethylene; hence it operates with 
an upward ﬂ ow of solvent and downward ﬂ ow of soybeans 
in the main extraction tube. There are no commercial 
installations at present.”
 “Apparently there is only one commercial soybean 
extraction plant in the world using any solvent other than 
a petroleum cut. The exception is the Manchuria Soybean 
Industry Co., in Dairen. Here, the so-called hot alcohol 
process is used with a battery of rotary extractors to process 
approximately 100 tons of soybeans per day. The solvent is 
99.8% ethanol... Considerable research has been directed 
toward the use of methanol-benzene and ethanol-benzene 
mixtures for soybean extraction in cases where phosphatide 
recovery is of importance. In the late 1920’s, the plant of the 
Hansa-Muehle, A.G., at Hamburg operated for a short time 
using such mixtures.”
 Tables show: (1) Soybeans (tons and percentage of 
total) processed annually in USA by expeller, solvent, 
and hydraulic methods (1936-39; in 1939 the percentages 
were 74.2, 20.2, and 5.4 respectively). (2) Estimated total 
capacities of installations of the various types of continuous 
solvent extraction systems worldwide and in the USA (Basis: 
short tons of oilseeds or oilseed press cakes per 24 hours): 
Bollman (German): 3,100 / 750. Hildebrandt 2,200 / 430. 
Fauth (German): 800 / 0. Allis-Chalmers (American): 170 / 
170. French (American) 130 / 130. Ford (American): 75 / 75.
 Photos show: (1) Aerial view of Central Soya’s huge 
processing plant at Decatur, Indiana. It uses both a Bollman 
extraction system and expellers. (2) Ford Motor Company’s 
soybean mill at River Rouge plant (exterior view). (3) Two 
small soybean extractors in Ford’s soybean mill at Saline, 
Michigan. (4) The huge soybean mill of Hansa-Muehle, 
A.G., Hamburg, Germany, using the Bollman system. (5) 
Hildebrandt extractor. (6) Experimental extractor built by the 
R. & H. Chemicals Department of E.I. duPont de Nemours 
& Co., Niagara Falls, New York. Address: U.S. Regional 
Soybean Industrial Products Lab., Urbana, Illinois.
41. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1941. Prep 
for start of bean mill: Demonstration work being done. May 
14. p. 3. Morning edition.
• Summary: “In line with Henderson’s new soybean industry 
the county agent and the University of Kentucky are 
cooperating with the soybean mill and farmers in conducting 
demonstrational work regarding the best adapted varieties 
of soybeans to this region and to the soybean industry. 
Last year ﬁ fteen varieties were tested out and ﬁ ve of these 
were eliminated on the ﬁ rst test due to their weakness and 
inadaptable features.
 “This year the project work has been expanded to ﬁ ve 
Kentucky counties in the vicinity of the soybean mill, viz., 
Henderson, Daviess, Hancock, McLean and Union.
 “The varieties to be tested this year will be Macoupin, 
US-5, US-2, the Mansoy, Scioto, Wood’s Early Yellow, Illini, 
Ogden, Delsta and Arksoy. These will be checked against 
one outstanding black variety of beans known as the Kingwa. 

=== PAGE 30 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   30
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
This variety tests includes yield of beans and ability to stand 
up and hold in the pod [not shatter] in spite of bad weather 
until the combine can get to the ﬁ eld for harvest. They are, 
also, tested for oil content.”
 “The purpose of this demonstration is to ﬁ nd out what 
varieties are most promising, as yellow beans for oil and 
soybean meal, the two important products made from the 
processing of soybeans in the new industry. The soybean 
meal [sic, mill] has just about completed construction since 
the last piece of machinery has been received and is being 
installed at the present time.
 “Processing of beans should be well under way by the 
ﬁ rst of June... the ﬁ rst year’s full grinding will begin about 
September 1. This plant will process 400,000 bushels of 
beans from the crop which is now being seeded. Farmers 
in the tri-state area [Kentucky, Illinois, and Indiana] are 
very fortunate whether they be bean producers or livestock 
producers in the opportunity which the soybean mill offers 
them.”
 “Bean farmers in planting their bean crop should lean 
on the information from the experiment station regarding 
varieties of yellow beans and plant mostly yellow beans 
for the soybean mill as they are more desirable than black 
beans.”
42. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1941. Soy 
bean plant’s formal opening is scheduled for Wednesday at 
10 A.M. June 15. p. 3. Sunday.
• Summary:  “The Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-operative 
processing plant is due to formally open Wednesday, June 
18. After many delays it is very gratifying to be able to 
announce the opening of this plant. It offers a real boom 
to agriculture in this community in supplying the farmers 
with an immediate dependable outlet for a large volume 
production of soy beans. The plant in operation is to have 
a capacity of approximately 500,000 bushels annually; and 
those planning this new industry have exercised far-sighted 
judgment in so designing the plant that capacities may be 
doubled very readily when production conditions justify this 
increase.
 “Need for outlet cited: There are 364 farmer members of 
this co-operative, and it was through their combined strength 
and support that this plant was made possible. These growers 
having pledged to grow more than 15,000 acres of soy beans 
annually to support this new industry... the Louisville Bank 
for Co-operatives came to their support agreeing to lend 60% 
of the cost of the facilities and 50% of the cost of operating 
to this proposed processing plant.”
 The organized movement to ﬁ nd a better market outlet 
for soy beans “commenced early in the year 1940. On April 
5 there was a district meeting held in the Farm Bureau 
building, Henderson, which was attended by a large number 
of soy bean growers representing farmers of this area who 
voted unanimously to support this co-operative movement in 
endeavoring to establish the organization and erect the plant 
to furnish them a market for their soy beans.
 “Required much work: After much work on the part 
of the leaders of the Farm Bureau of Henderson and 
surrounding counties in Kentucky and Indiana [just across 
the Ohio River to the north] and assistance furnished by 
the extension service, the organization was completed and 
incorporated August 30, 1940, under the Co-operative 
Marketing Act of Kentucky which is known as the Bingham 
Act.
 “Special mention should be made of the untiring efforts 
of H.R. Jackson, county agent... also the untiring efforts of 
Charles B. Smith, one of the largest 
producers of soy beans in Henderson 
county who is now ably serving the 
organization as president. G.W. Allen 
gave considerable time and effort to 
the movement, and since Oct. 1940 
has served actively as secretary-
manager of the organization; and it 
has been under his supervision that 
the plant has been erected.” He has 
been ably assisted by Mr. L.C. Amiet, 
who used local labor.
 “Many visitors expected: It has 
been reliably estimated that there 
are more than 100,000 acres of soy 
beans grown in this area. With the 
recent announcement that the United 
States Department of Agriculture 
expects to peg the price of soy beans 
at approximately $1.00 per bushel 
on the farms, the industry should be 


=== PAGE 31 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   31
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
even more attractive to the farmers of this region.
 Many dignitaries are expected at the plant opening. 
“The soy bean certainly offers a wonderful future both to the 
farmer as a producer and to industry in its many and varied 
uses, according to Mr. Allen.”
 A large photo shows the entire Ohio Valley Soy Bean 
Co-operative facility.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (July 2005) that 
gives the name “Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-operative.”
43. Associated Press (The). 1941. It happened in Kentucky: 
News briefs for busy readers. Paducah Sun-Democrat (The) 
(Paducah, Kentucky). June 16. p. 5.
• Summary: Mentions the Ohio Valley Soy Bean 
Cooperative, which was organized in the spring of 1940. 
Its plant “will be dedicated at Henderson on Wednesday.” 
The plant will obtain oil and meal from soy beans, “an 
increasingly important crop in the area due to a decline in the 
returns from dark tobacco.”
44. Hudgions, Frank. 1941. Soy bean plant is started 
operating: Large crowd witnesses formal opening of new 
industry. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). June 
19. p. 1, 6.
• Summary: “Henderson’s new $60,000 processing plant of 
the Ohio Valley Soy Bean Cooperative took its seat on the 
production roster Wednesday when formal opening of the 
plant was held at 10 o’clock with a program being conducted 
by Charles Ball Smith, president of the Co-op, and G.W. 
Allen, general manager of the plant.
 “Several hundred visitors poured through the plant 
during the morning and the general manager and president 
explained in detail how machinery on all three ﬂ oors of the 
plant will work.
 “Many visitors: Visitors were from Indiana, Illinois, 
Kentucky, Ohio and Virginia, the registration book showed.
 “Due to the illness of Ben E. Niles, president of the state 
and local Farm Bureau organizations, Mr. Smith opened the 
meeting and later turned the program over to County Agent 
Jackson.
 “Mr. Smith, co-op president, declared that the soy bean 
plant is the realization of a strong Farm Bureau, cooperation 
of the big and little men and the splendid assistance of the 
Louisville Bank of Co-operatives.”
 Dignitaries were then introduced, and short speeches 
given. “T.R. Bryant, from the College of Agriculture, 
University of Kentucky, Lexington, explained the soy bean 
as a defense crop” [in relation to the war in Europe].
 “Shortly after 11 o’clock in the morning, President 
Smith, with Manager Allen and other dignitaries looking on, 
pressed the button that started conveyors dropping cracked 
beans into the tempering bins... The two bins have a capacity 
of 600 bushels of beans daily.”
 “Attracting considerable interest also were the 
reconditioned [used] storage elevators composed of 18 tanks 
and ten interstices with a total storage capacity of 200,000 
bushels.” A “frame and metal building was placed over them. 
A section of the concrete roof still remains too.
 “Erected in the room on top of the storage elevators is 
the huge bean cleaner, capable of cleaning 3,000 bushels 
of beans daily. The processing capacity of the plant is in 
excess of 1,200 bushels a day–400,000 to 500,000 bushels 
annually.”
 “The cooperatives more than 300 members signed up 
15,300 acres of soy beans for 1940 and 1941 at $1 an acre, 
giving the organization $30,600 of common stock already 
subscribed of a maximum of 40,000 shares at $1 par value. 
Beans grown last year are now stored in the bins at the plant.
 “Livestock feed: ‘The soy bean serves the greatest 
number of useful purposes of any product of the soil and 
holds the greatest promise of agriculture of any plant,’ says 
Mr. Allen, general manager and secretary of the plant.
 “Farmers in this section ﬁ rst began to grow soy beans 
about 20 years ago. County Agent H.R. Jackson explains 
principally as feed for livestock and later for the sale of seed 
and for export to other neighborhoods. The plant is ideal for 
rotation with corn, of which Henderson county is a heavy 
producer, Jackson said. It is a legume and its root system 
stores nitrogen, thereby enriching the soil.”
 “Move started in Feb.: Also, several years ago, the 
farmers sensed the decline in returns from dark tobacco and 
began to lean more heavily on livestock. This trend created a 
demand for additional supplemental livestock feed. All these 
factors have contributed to the steady increase in soy bean 
acreage.
 “Finally the need for a processing plant resulted in 
concrete action in February 1940 under the sponsorship of 
the Henderson County Farm Bureau of which Ben E. Niles is 
president.
 “The ﬁ rst step was an educational trip by a group of 
interested farmers and businessmen to Urbana, Illinois, 
where a government soybean laboratory [U.S. Regional 
Soybean Industrial Products Laboratory] is located.
 “Interest increased rapidly after the trip and the co-op 
was formed under the Bingham Cooperative Marketing Act 
after a mass meeting has been held to determine whether an 
effort would be made to interest private capital in the plant or 
whether or whether the project should be set up under a co-
operative association.
 New building erected: A ﬁ ve acre tract on which stand 
18 concrete elevators with a total storage capacity of 200,000 
bushels was purchased. This was part of the plant of A. 
Waller and Company, grain dealers. The mill was destroyed 
by ﬁ re several years ago.
 “Reconditioning of the elevators was completed and a 
metal building 40 x 30 feet has been built to house the two 
processing mills.”
 A brief biography of Mr. Allen is given. For the last 

=== PAGE 32 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   32
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
10 years he was “the agricultural agent for the Ohio Valley 
Trust company, directing operations of the farm properties 
under its management.” The plant will have two presses and 
“will serve an area in Kentucky, Indiana and Illinois within a 
radius of 75 to 100 miles of Henderson.”
 Note: The members of this cooperative were farmers; 
by the 1950s, the members of most soybean processing 
cooperatives were cooperative grain elevators.
45. Product Name:  Soy Bean Oil, and Cardinal Soy Bean 
Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-
operative.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Henderson, Kentucky.
Date of Introduction:  1941 June.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
New Product–Documentation:  Hudgions, Frank. 1941. 
“Soy bean plant is started operating: Large crowd witnesses 
formal opening of new industry.” Gleaner and Journal 
(Henderson, Kentucky). June 19. p. 1, 6. The plant started 
operating on 18 June 1941. In an article in this same 
newspaper on June 15, a photo of a large sign on the plant 
shows the name of the co-operative.
 USDA Northern Regional Research Laboratory. 1943. 
“Soybean processing mills in the United States.” USDA 
Bureau of Agricultural and Industrial Chemistry. AIC-26. 
10 p. Nov. See p. 2. Henderson, Kentucky: “Ohio Valley 
Soy Bean Cooperative Association.” (M = Medium capacity, 
between 50 and 200 tons/day of soybeans).
Soybean Digest. 1946. Nov. p. 30. Grits and ﬂ akes... 
from the world of soy: “Plant facilities of Ohio Valley Soy 
Bean Cooperative at Henderson, Kentucky, have been 
expanded with the addition of a 125,000 bushel Quonset type 
warehouse. A new boiler has also been added to the plant.
Soybean Digest. 1949. Sept. p. 30.
 Vennes, L.A. 1955. “The Ohio Valley Soybean 
Cooperative.” Rural Kentuckian 8(11):16-17, 20. Nov. Tells 
the story of the development of America’s ﬁ rst soybean 
processing and marketing cooperative.
Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative News (Henderson, 
Kentucky). 1955. This monthly serial/periodical began 
publication in July 1955 and continued until about June 
1961.
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 p. 
July. See p. 8-10. Cooperative activity with soybeans began 
when soybean producers (farmers) in western Kentucky and 
eastern Indiana formed the Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative 
and built the ﬁ rst cooperative soybean plant at Henderson, 
Kentucky, in 1940-41. “This was an effort to increase bean 
prices, to encourage production by offering another market, 
and to have a source of high protein feed for livestock. 
During and immediately following World War II, it became 
almost impossible for soybean producers to obtain soybean 
meal either as meal or in the form of mixed feeds. To 
alleviate this situation, they built cooperative mills...” They 
had ceased to exist by 1970 (p. 10).
46. Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-operative. 1941. Soy Bean Co-
operative aids farmers (Ad). Sebree Banner (The) (Sebree, 
Kentucky). July 17. p. 16.
• Summary: “We are happy to salute the people of Webster 
County. We can quickly and efﬁ ciently serve our member 
growers and all other farmers.
 “We now offer a better outlet to the Soy Bean growers 
and an availably supplemental feed supply to live stock 
producers of this area.
 “This new Industry was built and is owned by 364 soy 
bean producers of Kentucky and Indiana with the splendid 
cooperation given by the Louisville Bank for Co-operatives.
 “Our plant has an annual capacity to process 500,000 
bushels of soy beans.
 “Visitors are always welcome at our plant and further 
information will be gladly furnished.
 “Incorporated: Henderson, Kentucky.
 “Ofﬁ  cers: Charles B. Smith, President. G.W. Allen, 
Manager-Secretary Oscar Keck, Vice President.
 “Directors: Charles B. Smith, Oscar D. Keck, Carl W. 
Peter, John A. Gerhardt, Frederick Williams, George R. 
Vandiver, O.C. Whitﬁ eld.”
 A large photo shows the plant and area for storing soy 
beans, oil, and meal.
47. Kishlar, Lamar. 1941. Paciﬁ c coast mills ﬁ rst to crush 
soybeans in United States in 1910. Soybean Digest. July. p. 
11.
• Summary: Gives a brief history of the soybean from its 
origins in China up to the present.
 “In 1804 James Mease, a Pennsylvanian, ﬁ rst mentioned 
in American literature that the soybean was adapted to 
Pennsylvania and should be cultivated. In 1829 a brown 
seeded variety was grown in the Botanic Garden at 
Cambridge, Massachusetts, as a botanical curiosity. In 1854 
the Admiral Perry Expedition brought back two varieties of 
soybeans from Japan.
 “As early as 1910, imported Manchurian soybeans were 
ﬁ rst crushed by an oil mill on the Paciﬁ c Coast [in Seattle, 
Washington]. Soybean oil hardened by hydrogenation 
was used in shortenings as early as 1914... Soybean oil in 
margarine was ﬁ rst used in large quantities in 1916, although 
it had been used in a small way as early as 1912.
 “In 1920 an Expeller was ﬁ rst used in processing 
soybean oil and meal from domestic seed at Chicago 
Heights, Illinois. In 1922 lar
ge scale production of soybean 
oil and meal was under way at Decatur, Illinois, using 
Expellers.
 “The following year the ﬁ rst solvent extraction plant 

=== PAGE 33 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   33
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
for use on soybeans was built at Monticello, Illinois. It was 
1929, however, before commercial production was started 
in the Monticello plant due to the fact that beans were not 
available at a price which was satisfactory.
 “By 1936 the soybean processing industry had grown 
to such proportions that the United States Government 
established the ‘United States Regional Soybean Industrial 
Products Laboratory’ at the University of Illinois in 
cooperation with twelve North Central states.
 “In the Chicago Board of Trade, trading in soybeans is 
second only to wheat in volume. From small beginnings this 
industry has grown until the production of soybean oil and 
meal in the United States is only exceeded by Manchuria, the 
native home of this little bean.” Address: Member, Soybean 
Nutritional Research Council.
48. Messenger (The) (Madisonville, Kentucky). 1941. Soy 
bean mill has proﬁ t on season. Aug. 21. p. 6.
• Summary: “Henderson, Aug. 21.–Ofﬁ cers of the Ohio 
Valley Soy Bean cooperative were reelected Wednesday at 
a directors’ session that followed the ﬁ rst annual meeting of 
the association’s membership.
 “Ofﬁ  cers are: President, Charles B. Smith, Henderson; 
vice president, Oscar Keck, Mt. Vernon, Indiana; secretary-
treasurer, G.W. Allen, Henderson.
 “Financial reports concerning construction and operation 
of the cooperative’s processing plant here were given by Mr. 
Allen, who serves as general manager of the mill as well 
as secretary-treasurer of the cooperative, which has 369 
members in western Kentucky and southern Indiana.
 “The mill processed its ﬁ rst 19,170 bushels of beans at a 
net proﬁ t of $1,229.46. Mr. Allen reported to the growers.
 “After the mill was formally opened June 18, all beans 
on hand were processed by July 27, and from them were 
produced 141,580 pounds of oil and 927,524 pounds of meal. 
The beans cost $21,154.47 and the manufactured products 
had a value of $28,895.34.
 “A ﬁ nancial statement distributed by Mr. Allen 
showed current assets of $10,110.61, including cash and 
manufactured products on hand, $64,117.30 in ﬁ xed assets, 
including buildings, land, machinery and equipment. and 
other assets of $4,353.55.
 “Current liabilities include a facility loan of $37,900 and 
an operating loan from the Louisville Bank of Cooperatives.
 “Net worth of the cooperative is listed as $32,891.45, 
including $13,300 in preferred stock, $18,362 in common 
stock, and $1,229.46 in undivided proﬁ ts.”
49. Goss, W.H. 1941. Technological problems in processing 
soybeans. 3. Solvents for soybean oil extraction. Soybean 
Digest. Aug. p. 4-5.
• Summary: “An ideal solvent for extracting oil from 
soybeans should be capable of penetrating the bean ﬂ akes 
and rapidly dissolving and removing the oil and only the 
oil. Obviously, it must also be easily removable from the 
oil and the meal, leaving both products in satisfactory form 
for consumption. Other factors entering into the choice 
include cost, ease of recovery, ﬁ re and explosion hazard, 
corrosiveness, toxicity and boiling range.
 “Apparently, there is only one extraction plant in the 
world now processing soybeans on a commercial scale 
with any solvent other than petroleum fractions. The single 
exception is a Manchurian plant using absolute ethyl alcohol. 
In this country, most of the solvent consists of hexanes, a 
typical commercial grade of which has a boiling range of 
146º to 158ºF. and a speciﬁ c gravity of 0.685 at 60ºF. In 
Europe, it is the usual practice to employ a hydrocarbon 
boiling between 160º and 195ºF. These petroleum products 
are excellent fat solvents, and they can be quite readily 
removed from both the oil and the meal without impairing 
the qualities of the products. Above all, they are relatively 
cheap and available in large quantities.
 “Solvents ﬂ ammable: Such solvents are so ﬂ ammable 
that their use by any but experienced operators is hazardous, 
and modern extraction plants are accordingly designed to 
afford the greatest possible protection from explosions. 
Buildings should be well ventilated and provided with large 
areas of windows designed to open or shatter easily in order 
to relieve pressure in the event of an explosion. The plant 
should be located at some distance from the power house, 
and no open lights, ﬂ ames, etc., should be permitted in 
the vicinity. Motors and related electrical equipment must 
be explosion proof, and electric wiring must conform to 
requirements of the National Electrical Code. Only spark-
proof tools should be used in the building, and hobnailed 
shoes, matches, and similar articles should be forbidden. 
Floors and stairways should be of the grating type.
 “Many solvents have been proposed and used 
experimentally in efforts to reduce the danger of extractor 
operation. Of these, the chlorinated hydrocarbons have 
received a great deal of attention. The R. and H. Chemicals 
Department of the E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, 
Inc. has developed an extraction system particularly suited to 
trichloroethylene. It consists of an inclined helical conveyor 
which carries the ﬂ akes downward against a rising stream 
of solvent. Its operation is approximately the reverse of 
that employed in the Ford extractor since, unlike hexane, 
trichloroethylene is heavier than soybean oil.
 “Hexane cheapest: At present, the principal deterrent 
to general use of trichloroethylene instead of hexane is its 
comparatively high cost. It should not be overlooked as 
a possible solvent for soybean oil, however, because it is 
entirely nonﬂ ammable and nonexplosive. Dry cleaning and 
metal degreasing industries use it extensively for this reason, 
and it is likewise used in the extraction of caffeine from 
coffee.
 “A number of patents have been issued on the use of 
liquid propane and other low-boiling hydrocarbons as oil 

=== PAGE 34 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   34
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
solvents. These materials are so volatile that the equipment 
must be designed for operation under pressure. The solvents 
which are mentioned in the literature, particularly in patents, 
comprise a very long list. Besides the patents specifying 
the more conventional solvents such as benzene, carbon 
tetrachloride, carbon disulphide, etc., other patents have been 
granted for the use of materials like furfural and sulphur 
dioxide as solvents for extracting fats and oils from the raw 
materials.
 “The importance of the corrosive properties of any given 
solvent is difﬁ cult to evaluate. Corrosion is a problem in 
the edible oil industry not primarily from the standpoint of 
damage to equipment but mainly through the tendency of 
inﬁ nitesimal traces of metallic contaminants to impair the 
keeping qualities of the ﬁ nished products. It is well known, 
for example, that less than one part per million of copper 
in some edible oils will markedly decrease their stability 
as regards taste and suitability. It is of utmost importance, 
then, that solvents used for soybean extraction be entirely 
noncorrosive toward the metals with which they come into 
contact.
 “It is dif ﬁ cult to predict whether hexane and similar 
hydrocarbons will continue to be the only solvents used in 
this country for the extraction of soybean oil. At the present 
time, the most promising competitors of hexane appear to be 
ethyl alcohol and trichloroethylene. The properties of these 
materials are shown in Table I.
 “Hot Alcohol Process: When soybean oil is dissolved 
in absolute ethyl alcohol at temperatures higher than about 
150ºF., a homogeneous solution is obtained. Upon cooling, 
two layers form; the lower one consists chieﬂ y of soybean 
oil with a small amount of alcohol, and the upper one is 
mainly alcohol containing a small amount of oil. The relative 
amounts of the two layers and their compositions depend 
upon the original solvent-oil ratio, the proof of the alcohol, 
and the extraction temperature.
 “This property has been utilized in the so-called ‘hot 
alcohol’ process by the Manchuria Soybean Industry 
Company which operates a large extraction plant at Dairen. 
The installation has a daily capacity of approximately 100 
tons of beans which are processed in a battery of rotary 
extractors. The solvent is 99.8 percent ethyl alcohol which is 
dehydrated at the plant. The beans are selected, cleaned, and 
if necessary, warmed slightly before ﬂ aking. Since absolute 
ethyl alcohol is a dehydrating agent and loses its solvent 
power toward soybean oil in the presence of water, the ﬂ aked 
beans are dried prior to the extraction. They are then charged 
into the extraction battery and leached with the hot alcohol 
under pressure.
 “Oil Separates: The resulting miscella is cooled and 
pumped into a conical separating tank where oil containing 
5 percent alcohol collects in the bottom. It is drawn off, and 
the solvent is removed in an evaporator. The recovered oil 
is of semi-reﬁ ned quality, having a light yellow color and 
salty taste, and can be used for edible purposes without 
further reﬁ ning. The supernatant alcohol in the settling cone 
is returned to the extraction system; or, when it becomes 
too contaminated with water or nonoil extractables, it is 
transferred to a still for recovery of the byproducts and 
subsequent rectiﬁ cation of the alcohol. The byproducts 
include sugars, saponins, and phosphatides. The residual 
meal contains 0.5 to 1 percent oil and requires no reﬁ ning 
for use in a variety of foodstuffs. It reportedly commands a 
price 25 percent higher than that of meal produced by other 
methods. Furthermore, it is said to possess properties which 
make it especially suited for the production of industrial 
proteins.
 “The principal advantage of the alcohol extraction 
method is the ease of byproduct recovery. However, the 
American market for the above-named byproducts is not 
highly developed and there has therefore been little incentive 
toward the introduction of the process into this country. 
At present, the general use of any solvent which extracts 
appreciable quantities of nonoil substances along with the 
oil faces considerable restriction because of the relatively 
limited markets for such byproducts. The cost of alcohol 
relative to that of hydrocarbons, the relatively high latent 
heat of evaporation of ethyl alcohol, and the high initial 
cost of the equipment have been additional deterrents to the 
development of the alcohol extraction process in the United 
States.
 “A large amount of experimental work has been done on 
the use of ethanol-benzene and methanol-benzene mixtures 
for soybean extraction in cases where phosphatides are to 
be recovered. During the late 1920’s such mixtures were 
employed for a while in the huge plant of Hansa-Muhle, 
A.G., in Hamburg [Germany]. At about the same time, a 
small extraction plant in Monticello, Illinois, operated with 
benzene as a solvent.
 “Liquid-Liquid Extraction: Ethyl alcohol is only one 
of a class of solvents which in certain temperature ranges 
are only partly miscible with soybean oil. Others include 
furfural, methyl alcohol, ethyl acetoacetate, acetic acid, 
etc. The portion of soybean oil which dissolves in these 
solvents has a slightly higher iodine number than has that 
portion which remains undissolved. By contacting the oil and 
solvent in countercurrent ﬂ ow, it is possible to fractionate 
the soybean oil into two products, one having a high iodine 
number and the other having a low iodine number. The 
former is an excellent drying oil, far superior in this respect 
to the original oil, and the latter fraction is a good edible oil.
 “This new method of solvent extraction has been studied 
extensively at the U.S. Regional Soybean Industrial Products 
Laboratory and shows great promise as a means for diverting 
a substantial part of our soybean oil out of the crowded 
edible product ﬁ elds of consumption into industrial channels. 
It may, too, aid in averting a possibly serious shortage of 
drying oils resulting from the temporary cessation of imports 

=== PAGE 35 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   35
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
of these materials from South America and the Orient.
 “The process should not be confused with the solvent 
extraction of oil from the beans. It is an extraction method 
to which the oil may be subjected as one step in its reﬁ ning, 
and the solvents suitable for carrying out the process are 
generally somewhat different in their properties from the 
solvents used to extract the oil from the beans. Although 
liquid-liquid extraction of soybean oil is not yet being 
carried out commercially, it is reasonable to expect industrial 
developments along this line in the not too distant future.”
 A table shows the properties of normal hexane, ethyl 
alcohol, and trichloroethylene. For each is given the 
chemical formula, boiling range (degrees F), and speciﬁ c 
gravity [relative density]. Address: Chemical Engineer, U.S. 
Regional Soybean Industrial Products Lab.
50. Owensboro Messenger (The) (Owensboro, Kentucky). 
1941. Henderson soy bean plant plans open house Dec. 16. 
Dec. 14. p. 15.
• Summary: “The Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-operative will 
hold an open house and ﬁ eld day meeting with educational 
trips through the soy bean plant, on Tuesday, December 16, 
starting at 10 a.m. at Farm Bureau auditorium.
 “Lunch will be served by the Henderson County 
Homemakers clubs at the Farm Bureau auditorium, and out 
of state speakers will be in attendance.
 “The soy bean mill has gained new importance with 
the Defense Commission and War Industries board, and 
new marketing plans will be explained. Members and non-
members are invited to attend. Several farmers from Daviess 
county are expecting to attend the meeting.”
51. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Soybean processing 
plant may be located here: Machine shop at round house the 
location. Project will be owned and operated by cooperative 
societies in Wright and nearby counties. April 15. p. 1. 
Thursday.
• Summary: A big page-width banner headline. “As a result 
of a meeting at the City Hall Monday evening [April 12], 
plans are under way for a soybean processing plant to be 
owned and operated by Cooperative Elevator companies in 
this and adjoining counties.
 “Companies represented at this meeting were 
Woolstock, Badger [probably Glenn Pogeler], Humboldt, 
Goldﬁ eld, Holmes, Dows, Clarion and Eagle Grove. Also 
present at this meeting were: D.C. Edison, secretary of the 
Farmers Grain Dealers Association of Fort Dodge; W.H. 
Thompson, vice president and secretary of the Omaha Bank 
for Cooperatives [Nebraska], representatives of the C. and 
M.W. Railway company, Joe Richardson, president of the 
Golden State Bank and Trust company, and members of the 
local Chamber of Commerce.
 “A temporary organization was formed with M.K. Frey 
of Eagle Grove as chairman and Victor Claude of Woolstock 
as secretary... It is expected that other companies will 
cooperate in this movement to make possible the processing 
of beans at the point of production and where there is 
production of livestock in sufﬁ cient quantities to utilize the 
meal to supply the protein required in a well balanced feed 
ration.
 “Some consideration was given to the possibility of 
using the C. and N.W. Railway shop building, where there is 
ample room to install the necessary equipment and provide 
whatever storage may be required for beans and meal in the 
operation of such a plant.”
 The “War Production Board has indicated a willingness 
to grant priorities for the material needed.” However an 
application must be submitted and their approval obtained.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
concerning the Boone Valley Cooperative Processing 
Association (Eagle Grove, Iowa).
52. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Second soybean 
meeting held. April 22. p. 1.
• Summary: “Representatives of the cooperative elevators in 
this locality who are interested in the location of a soybean 
processing plant in Eagle Grove met here again Tuesday 
evening... the men will take the matter up with their local 
boards of directors for action.”
53. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Soybean meeting here 
tonight. April 29. p. 1.
• Summary: “Representative of around 20 Cooperative 
Elevator companies are expected to attend a meeting here 
this evening. The proposition of a soybean plant in the 
former C. & N.W. machine shop building will be given 
further consideration at this time.”
54. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Soybean plant priority 
granted. June 17. p. 1.
• Summary: “M.K. Frey says he has received a certiﬁ cate 
from War Production Board at Washington, D.C. granting 
priorities for machinery for soybean plant.”
 “If sufﬁ  cient interest is shown and the required capital 
subscribed, a permanent organization will be formed and 
plans made to proceed with the work of equipping plant that 
same may be ready in time to handle the new crop.”
55. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Buy building and 
equipment for soybean mill: New plant to process this year’s 
crop. Organization of cooperatives completed with Edward 
Olson of Woolstock as president. June 24. p. 1.
• Summary: A big page-width banner headline. “The Eagle 
Grove Soybean mill will be in operation this fall. The plant 
machinery has been ordered. The plant will be located in the 
former Chicago & Northwestern machine shop building near 
the round house.
 “The company gives the Soybean Processing Company 

=== PAGE 36 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   36
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
a 99-year lease on the grounds and has already received 
payment in full for the building.
 “The organization of the cooperative which will own 
and operate the mill was completed at a meeting in Eagle 
Grove last Thursday night [June 17]. The charter members 
of the group are 13 cooperative companies. Each company 
has paid a substantial membership fee and it is expected that” 
more companies will join.
 “One reason Eagle Grove was selected as the location 
for the mill was that a suitable building was available at 
a nominal cost.” The machine shop, erected in 1918, was 
purchased for only $1,500. A list of the name and location 
of each of the 13 afﬁ liated cooperatives is given, e.g. “Eagle 
Grove–Farmers Cooperative Co.” The other 12 are located 
in Iowa at Woolstock, Badger, Iowa Falls, Fort Dodge, 
Humboldt, Gilmore City, Bradgate, Ottosen, Goldﬁ eld, 
Belmond, Whittemore, and Blanden.
 “The new cooperative will be known as the ‘Boone 
Valley Cooperative Processing Association’ with the 
following ofﬁ cers in charge of its affairs.
 “President, Edw. Olson, Manager, Farmers Cooperative 
Elevator Co., Woolstock; Vice President, M.K. Frey, 
President, Farmers Cooperative Co., Eagle Grove; Secretary-
Treasurer, Glenn Pogeler, Manager, Farmers Elevator Co., 
Badger.”
 The plant will have the capacity to process 1,500 to 
1,800 bushels/day of soybeans. “Last year Wright county 
farmers planted 40,000 acres to soy beans and the acreage is 
larger this year.” The price last year was $1.66/bushel and is 
expected to be about $1.80/bushel this year.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
concerning Glenn H. Pogeler and soybeans.
56. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Soybean mill ofﬁ cers 
named (Photo caption). June 24. p. 1.
• Summary: Photos show (left to right): (1) Glenn Pogeler, 
Secretary-Treasurer. Manager, Farmers Elevator Co., Badger. 
(2) Edward Olson, President. Manager, Farmers Cooperative 
Elevator Co., Woolstock. (3) M.K. Frey, Vice President. 
President, Farmers Cooperative Co., Eagle Grove.
 Note: Pogeler is by far the youngest of the 3 men.
57. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Merge Stratford-Eagle 
Grove soybean plants: 12 more ask to join local cooperative. 
Approval for their request expected to be granted at joint 
meeting here tomorrow night. July 1. p. 1.
• Summary: A big page-width banner headline. These 12 
cooperative companies had planned to have a soybean 
processing plant to be located at Stratford, Iowa; now they 
have asked to merge with the company here. The 12 are 
located in Highview, Webster City, Stratford, Boxholm, 
Gowrie, Palm Grove, Ellsworth, Radcliffe, Garden City, 
Kamrar, Randall, and Stanhope. “A joint meeting of the 
two groups will be held here tomorrow (Friday) evening...” 
The Hobarton Cooperative Elevator Co. has also joined 
the original group, bringing the total actual and interested 
members to 26. The plant’s ﬁ rst machine, a double roller 
mill, arrived Wednesday morning.
58. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Soybean processing 
plant building (Photo caption). July 1. p. 1.
• Summary: A large photo shows the Boone Valley soybean 
processing plant which, until a year ago, was used as a 
machine shop by the railroad. To its left is a towering 
smokestack, which alone cost about $3,500 when the 
complex was built in 1918.
59. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Consolidation of 
soybean plants completed: Highview man is selected as vice-
chairman. Details of merging Stratford-Eagle taken care of at 
meeting here Friday night. July 8. p. 1, 8.
• Summary: A big page-width banner headline. 
“Consolidation of the proposed Soybean mills for Stratford 
and Eagle Grove was effected at a joint meeting of the 
interested cooperatives held at Eagle Grove last Friday 
night” [July 2].
 “Albert Koolhoff, manager of the Farmers Elevator at 
Highview, was elected vice chairman of the new cooperative 
which will be known as the ‘Boone Valley Processing 
Association.’” He was formerly “president of the Stratford 
association. The association now has 26 members who have 
paid their initial assessment of $1,000 or more.” A list of the 
current members is given. Most are farmers’ cooperatives 
and many farmers’ cooperative elevator companies. The 
26 cooperatives come from the following towns and cities: 
Highview, Webster City, Stratford, Boxholm, Gowrie, Palm 
Grove, Ellsworth, Radcliffe, Garden City, Kamrar, Randall, 
Stanhope, Woolstock, Badger, Iowa Falls, Fort Dodge, 
Humboldt, Gilmore City, Bradgate, Ottosen, Goldﬁ eld, 
Belmond, Whittemore, Blanden, Eagle Grove, and Hobarton.
60. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Manage soybean mill 
(Photo caption). July 15. p. 1.
• Summary: A photo shows Ed Olson, of Woolstock, dressed 
in a dark hat and two-piece suit. He was “named manager of 
the Boone Valley Soybean mill at a meeting of the directors 
at the Keneﬁ ck Hall in Eagle Grove Monday evening. Mr. 
Olson is manager of the Farmers Cooperative Company at 
Woolstock.”
61. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Ed Olson buys 
MacNaughton home. July 29. p. 1.
• Summary: Last Friday he completed “the purchase of 
the residence on North Iowa avenue now occupied by the 
Merryl MacNaughton family. Possession is given on Sept. 
1.” He sold his home in Woolstock to the Woolstock Farmers 
Elevator company, which will keep the residence and lease it 
to its managers.

=== PAGE 37 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   37
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
62. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Soybean plant ofﬁ ces 
rented. Aug. 12. p. 1.
• Summary: Rooms formerly occupied by the ration 
board have been leased “as ofﬁ ces for the Soybean plant 
until quarters are provided nearer to the plant... Miss Lois 
Donaldson of Woolstock has been employed as Mr. Olson’s 
secretary.”
63. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Soybean mill contracts 
have been let: Jesse Watson to build the scales and ofﬁ ce 
building. Other ﬁ rms get various parts of the work. Aug. 26. 
p. 1.
• Summary: The contracts are for a new roof, construction 
of a new ofﬁ ce building and scales on the grounds near 
the present building, remodeling the present building and 
installing new machinery, doing the wiring and furnishing 
motors, power ﬁ xtures and other equipment. “All contracts 
carry a time limit and the plant is expected to be in operation 
this fall in time for processing this season’s crop.”
 Victor Claude of Woolstock has been elected secretary 
in place of Glenn Pogeler, of Badger, who resigned. Mr. 
Pogeler goes to Manly where he is to manage the new 
[soybean processing] plant being built there.
64. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  West Bend Elevator Company.
Manufacturer’s Address:  West Bend, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1943 August.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Globe-Gazette (Mason 
City, Iowa). 1944. $110,000 soybean plant at Manly prepares 
to open. Sept. 6. 4. “There are 7 other such [co-operative 
soybean] plants in the state [of Iowa] located at Martelle, 
Dyke, Hubbard, Ralston, West Bend, Sheldon, and Eagle 
Grove.”
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 4. West Bend 
Elevator Company (West Bend, Iowa, 1943).
65. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmers Cooperative Association.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Ralston, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1943 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Globe-Gazette (Mason 
City, Iowa). 1944. “$110,000 soybean plant at Manly 
prepares to open.” Sept. 6. p. 4. “There are 7 other such [co-
operative soybean] plants in the state [of Iowa] located at 
Martelle, Dyke, Hubbard, Ralston, West Bend, Sheldon, and 
Eagle Grove.”
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 5. Farmers 
Cooperative Association (Ralston, Iowa, 1944).
66. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmers Cooperative Elevator.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Martelle, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1943 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Globe-Gazette (Mason 
City, Iowa). 1944. “$110,000 soybean plant at Manly 
prepares to open.” Sept. 6. p. 4. “There are 7 other such [co-
operative soybean] plants in the state [of Iowa] located at 
Martelle, Dyke, Hubbard, Ralston, 
West Bend, Sheldon, and 
Eagle Grove.”
Soybean Digest. 1949. Sept. p. 110. “Grits and ﬂ akes... 
Four new storage silos are under construction for the soybean 
processing plant of the Farmers Cooperative Elevator at 
Martelle, Iowa. They will give the plant an additional 75,000 
to 80,000 bushels storage capacity.”
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 
p. July. See p. 10. Table 5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing plants that had ceased operations as of 1970.” 4. 
Farmers Cooperative Elevator (Martelle, Iowa, 1943).
67. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmers Cooperative Elevator.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Eagle Grove, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1943 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Globe-Gazette (Mason 
City, Iowa). 1944. “$110,000 soybean plant at Manly 
prepares to open.” Sept. 6. p. 4. “There are 7 other such [co-
operative soybean] plants in the state [of Iowa] located at 
Martelle, Dyke, Hubbard, Ralston, West Bend, Sheldon, and 
Eagle Grove.”
68. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmers Regional Cooperative 
(Fort Dodge, Iowa, Big 4 Division).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Sheldon, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1943 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Globe-Gazette (Mason 

=== PAGE 38 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   38
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
City, Iowa). 1944. $110,000 soybean plant at Manly prepares 
to open. Sept. 6. p. 4. “There are 7 other such [co-operative 
soybean] plants in the state [of Iowa] located at Martelle, 
Dyke, Hubbard, Ralston, West Bend, Sheldon, and Eagle 
Grove.”
Soybean Digest. 1946. Aug. p. 30. Grits and ﬂ akes... 
from the world of soy: “Big Four Cooperative Association, 
Sheldon, Iowa, is installing an additional French screw press 
unit, making three in all, in its soybean processing plant.”
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 3. Farmers 
Regional Cooperative (Fort Dodge, Iowa, Big 4 Division). 
(Sheldon, Iowa, 1943). Footnote: Big 4 Cooperative 
Processing merged with Farmers Regional in 1967. In 1970 
Farmers Regional merged with Land O’Lakes.
69. Schiffman, Edward G. 1943. Co-op oil mills–and why 
they grow. News for Farmer Cooperatives. USDA Farm 
Credit Administration 10(6):17, 19. Sept. *
• Summary: Discusses cottonseed and soybean mills.
70. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Soybean mill will be 
ready. Oct. 7. p. 1.
• Summary: “All machinery for the soybean mill has 
been ordered, the orders accepted and much of it has been 
received at the plant. The mill will be ready to process this 
year’s crop.”
71. Thompson, W.H. 1943. Iowa co-op elevators take the 
protein situation in hand. News for Farmer Cooperatives. 
USDA Farm Credit Administration 10(7):15-16. Oct.
• Summary: Tells about 8 new soybean processing plants, 
cooperatively owned and operated, in Iowa. “The new 
co-op plants are located at Sheldon, Eagle Grove, Manly, 
West Bend, Ralston, Hubbard, Dike, and Martelle. The ﬁ rst 
3 will be operated by federations of from 25 to 30 local 
cooperative elevators within a 20- to 30-mile radius. The 
capital contribution of each local association is from $1,000 
to $5,000; the ﬁ rst $1,000 for a share of common voting 
stock and the balance represented by preferred stock. Each 
federation has raised enough capital to more than ﬁ nance its 
facilities.”
 A photo shows the processing plant of the Big 4 
Cooperative Processing Association, Sheldon, Iowa; it 
is now nearing completion. Address: Vice President and 
Secretary, Omaha Bank for Cooperatives.
72. Product Name:  Soy Bean Oil, and Soy Bean Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ford Motor Company.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Dearborn, Michigan.
Date of Introduction:  1943 November.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
New Product–Documentation:  USDA Northern Regional 
Research Laboratory. 1943. “Soybean processing mills in the 
United States.” USDA Bureau of Agricultural and Industrial 
Chemistry. AIC-26. 10 p. Nov. See p. 2. Dearborn, Michigan: 
“Ford Motor Company. Valley Soy Bean Cooperative 
Association.” (M = Medium capacity, between 50 and 200 
tons/day of soybeans). Solvent extraction plant.
 Note: In Sept. 1934 the Ford Motor Co. began crushing 
soybeans using solvent extraction at a small solvent 
extraction plant located in “The Industrialized American 
Barn,” on Ford property. It is not clear whether this is: (1) 
The same plant in the same place; (2) The same plant in a 
different place run by a cooperative; (3) A different plant in a 
different place run by a cooperative.
73. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Pennsylvania Soy Bean 
Cooperative Association.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Jersey Shore, Pennsylvania.
Date of Introduction:  1943 November.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  USDA Northern Regional 
Research Laboratory. 1943. “Soybean processing mills 
in the United States.” USDA Bureau of Agricultural and 
Industrial Chemistry. AIC-26. 10 p. Nov. See p. 3. Jersey 
Shore, Pennsylvania: “Pennsylvania Soy Bean Cooperative 
Association.” (Small = capacity of less than 50 tons/day of 
soybeans).
74. USDA Northern Regional Research Laboratory. 1943. 
Soybean processing mills in the United States. USDA Bureau 
of Agricultural and Industrial Chemistry. AIC-26. 10 p. Nov. 
Revised edition, 1948. CA-5, 14 p.
• Summary: “The following list of soybean processing 
mills is divided into three parts: (1) mills in which soybeans 
regularly constitute the bulk of the throughput, (2) mills 
which are currently under construction or whose construction 
is being seriously considered, and (3) mills which are 
engaged in soybean processing temporarily or part time, or 
which have otherwise participated in the soybean program 
by signing a soybean processor contract. It must be realized 
that changes are occurring very rapidly at the present time, 
throughout the entire soybean processing industry.
 “Solvent extraction plants in group No. 1 are designated 
with an asterisk (*). Many of the solvent type mills also 
contain expellers and screw presses. After the name of each 
mill in group No. 1, the letter S, M, or L is used to designate 
whether it is a small, medium, or large installation. These 
ratings are only approximate and divide mills into three 
capacity groups: S (small), capacities less than 50 tons of 
soybeans per day; M (medium), capacities between 50 and 
200 tons per day; and L (large), capacities over 200 tons per 

=== PAGE 39 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   39
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
day.”
 (1) Mills specializing in soybeans:
 Arkansas: West Memphis–Arkansas Mills, Inc. (S). 
Wilson–Wilson Seed and Feed Company (S).
 California: Oakland–Albers Brothers Milling Company 
(S).
 Illinois: Bloomington–Funk Brothers Seed Company 
(M). Cairo–Swift and Company (M). Champaign–Swift and 
Company (L). Chicago–Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
(M)*; The Glidden Company (L)*; Norris Grain Company 
(S); Spencer Kellogg and Sons (L). Decatur–Archer-
Daniels-Midland Company (L)*; Decatur Soy Products 
Company (M); Spencer Kellogg and Sons (L)*; A.E. 
Staley Manufacturing Company (L). Galesburg–Galesburg 
Soya Products Company (M). Gibson City–Central Soya 
Company, Inc. (L). Monmouth–Ralph Wells and Company 
(S). Peoria–Allied Mills, Inc. (L). Quincy–Quincy Soybean 
Products Company (M). Springﬁ eld–Illinois Soy Products 
Company (M). Taylorville–Allied Mills, Inc. (M).
 Indiana: Decatur–Central Soya Company, Inc. (L)*. 
Indianapolis–Evans Milling Company (M). Lafayette–
Ralston Purina Company (M). Marion–Hoosier Soybean 
Mills, Inc. (M). Windfall–Elevators and Mills, Inc. (S).
 Iowa: Cedar Rapids–Honeymead Products Company 
(M)*; Iowa Milling Company (M). Centerville–Standard 
Soybean Mills (M). Clinton–Clinton Company (M)*. Des 
Moines–Spencer Kellogg and Sons (M); Swift and Company 
(M). Fayette–Wilbur Bell, Inc. (S). Fort Dodge–Plymouth 
Processing Mills (M [co-op]). Gladbrook–Central Iowa 
Soybean Mill (S). Iowa Falls–Ralston Purina Company 
(M). Quimby–Simonsen Soybean Mill (M). Sioux City–
Sioux Soya Company (S). Waterloo–Soy Bean Processing 
Company (M)
 Kansas: Emporia–Kansas Soy Bean Mills, Inc. (M).
 Kentucky: Henderson–Ohio Valley Soy Bean 
Cooperative Association (M). Louisville–Buckeye Cotton 
Oil Company (L)*. Owensboro–Owensboro Grain Company 
(S).
 Michigan: Dearborn–Ford Motor Company (M)*. 
Milan–Ford Motor Company (S)*. Saline–Ford Motor 
Company (S)*.
 Minnesota: Mankato–Mankato Soya Products Company 
(S). Minneapolis–Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (S).
 Missouri: Galesburg–Spring River Mill (S). St. Joseph–
Dannen Mills (M). St. Louis–Ralston Purina Company (M).
 Nebraska: Fremont–Pete Marr Soybean Processing 
Company (S). Omaha–Allied Mills, Inc. (M).
 New York: Buffalo–Spencer Kellogg and Sons (M). 
Oswego–Oswego Soybean Products Corporation (M).
 Ohio: Berea–Berea Milling Company (M). Cincinnati–
Drackett Company (M)*. Circleville–John W. Eshelman and 
Sons (M); Ralston Purina Company (M). Fostoria–Swift 
and Company (M). Marion–Old Fort Mills, Inc. (M). New 
Washington–Ohio Soya Company (S). Painesville–A.E. 
Staley Manufacturing Company (L). Toledo–Archer-Daniels-
Midland Company (L); Toledo Soybean Products Company 
(M). Wooster: Soya Processing Company (M).
 Pennsylvania: Jersey Shore–Pennsylvania Soy Bean 
Cooperative Association (S).
 Tennessee: Memphis–Buckeye Cotton Oil Company 
(M).
 Virginia: Norfolk–Davis Milling Company (S). 
Portsmouth–Allied Mills, Inc. (M); I.F. Laucks, Inc. (S).
 Wisconsin: Milwaukee–Archer-Daniels-Midland 
Company (M).
75. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Soybean plant rapidly 
nears completion: Expect processing to start right after the 
ﬁ rst of the year. More machinery is purchased. Dec. 2. p. 1.
• Summary: “The Boone Valley Cooperative Soybean mill 
is expected to be in operation shortly after the ﬁ rst of the 
year. Ed Olson, manager of the mill, was in Minneapolis 
[Minnesota] Tuesday and bought some more machinery...” 
including a “hammer mill, percentage feeder, and an electric 
hoist.
 “Purchase of [soy] beans from the member cooperatives 
has been going on for quite a while. Already over 350,000 
bushels of beans have been purchased and are being stored 
in the elevators from whom the purchases were made. The 
buying is done from the 32 cooperative elevators who are 
members of the Boone Valley Cooperative.”
 Note: Soybean plants typically start processing / 
crushing soybeans in October. So Boone Valley is several 
months late.
76. Globe-Gazette (Mason City, Iowa). 1943. Soybean plant 
will soon open: machinery is bought; crop being purchased. 
Dec. 6. p. 3.
• Summary: “Eagle Grove–The Boone Valley Co-operative 
soybean mill is expected to be in operation soon after the 1st 
of 1944.
 “Ed Olson, manager of the mill, was in Minneapolis last 
week, and purchased some additional machinery which is 
available for immediate delivery. The shipment includes a 
hammer mill, percentage feeder, and an electric hoist.
 “Purchase of beans from the member co-operatives 
has been going on for some time. Over 330,000 bushels of 
beans have received to date, and they are being stored in the 
elevators from whom the purchases were made.
 “The buying is being done from the 32 co-operative 
elevators which are members of the Boone Valley Co-
Operative.”
77. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Soybean plant ofﬁ ce 
moved. Dec. 9. p. 1.
• Summary: Last Friday the Boone Valley Cooperative ofﬁ ce 
was moved into the new, ﬁ nished building on the grounds 
near the soybean plant.

=== PAGE 40 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   40
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
78. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Soybean ofﬁ ce open 
(Photo caption). Dec. 16. p. 1.
• Summary: Photos show: (1) Ed Olson, manager of the 
Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Assn. with his 
secretary, Lois Donelson, in the new Boone Valley ofﬁ ce. 
(2) Olson and Donelson joined by Russell Smith, assistant 
manager of the War Hemp plant.
79. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1943. Soybean plant directors 
meet. Dec. 16. p. 1.
• Summary: “A meeting of the directors of the Boone Valley 
Soybean Processing Company was held here Tuesday.” 
Two new cooperatives, from Renwick and Hampton, were 
admitted to membership. The cooperative now has 30 
members.
80. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Coshocton Farmers Exchange.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Coshocton, Ohio.
Date of Introduction:  1943.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, 
Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of cottonseed and soybean 
processing cooperatives.” USDA Farmer Cooperative 
Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 p. July. See p. 10. 
Table 5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean processing plants that 
had ceased operations as of 1970.” 2. Coshocton Farmers 
Exchange. (Coshocton, Ohio 1943).
81. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmers Cooperative Company.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Dike, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1943.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 
1944. “Soybean ‘open house’ a gala celebration.” March 30. 
p. 1. Guests included the Farmers Cooperative Co. (Dike, 
Iowa). Each of these organizations was processing soybeans 
into soybean meal under the Service Company’s trade mark 
“Felco.” Soybean Digest. 1949. Aug. p. 33. “Grits and 
ﬂ akes... Dike Cooperative Co. [sic], Dike, Iowa, will soon 
complete work on new grain storage facilities making a total 
of 510,000 bushels for this plant. Work was done by Tillotsen 
Construction Co., Omaha, Nebraska.”
Soybean Digest. 1965. “C.M. Gregory, leading Iowa 
processor, gone.” Jan. p. 22. “Clifford M. Gregory, 51, 
manager of the Farmers Cooperative Co., Dike, Iowa, 
elevator and processor of soybeans, for 26 years,... died at 
his home at Dike Nov. 30 after a lengthy illness.”
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 
p. July. See p. 10. Table 5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing plants that had ceased operations as of 1970.” 
4. Farmers Cooperative Company. (Dike, Ohio [sic, Iowa], 
1943).
Dike Centennial. 2000. Dike, Iowa: Centennial History 
Book Committee. The long entry for “Farmers Cooperative 
Company” states (p. 77-80): “The Dike Soybean Processing 
plant was completed in 1943.”
82. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Hendricks County Farm Bureau 
Co-op. Assn. Later renamed Indiana Farm Bureau 
Cooperative Assn. (Indianapolis).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Danville, Indiana.
Date of Introduction:  1943.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  National Fire Protection 
Association Quarterly. 1943. Oct., p. 166. “Soybean ﬁ re 
plant record.” “November 28, 1942, Danville, Illinois. Rural 
Feed and Soybean Plant. This property, operated by the 
Hendricks County Farm Bureau, consisted of a feed mill of 
frame iron-clad construction, three stories in height and a 
one-story brick soybean processing plant adjoining but not 
cut off. The ﬁ re was discovered at 1:25 A.M. on the unused 
third ﬂ 
oor of the feed mill. Due to the headway of the ﬁ re, 
which was spread by explosions of barrels of soybean oil, 
the volunteer ﬁ re department devoted most of its efforts 
to a successful attempt to save a grain elevator twenty feet 
distant. The loss was $30,460.
Soybean Blue Book. 1947. “Processors of soybeans.” 
p. 50. Indiana–Danville: Hendricks County Farm Bureau 
Co-op. Assn. Owned by Indiana Farm Bureau Co-op. Assn. 
Manager George W. Hadley. Trichloroethylene solvent 
capacity 12½ tons/day. Storage capacity 50,000 bushels. 
“Indiana Farm Bureau” soybean oil meal. “Farm Bureau” 
feeds.
 Goss, Warren H. 1952. “Trends in the oilseed industry.” 
J. of the American Oil Chemists’ Soc. 29(7):253-57. July. 
See p. 255. “Trichloroethylene extraction of soybeans:... 
The Detrex extractor was one of the ﬁ rst” and two small 
extractors were installed during World War II in Danville, 
Indiana, and Springﬁ eld, Ohio.
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 
p. July. See p. 10. Table 5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing plants that had ceased operations as of 1970.” 
6. Indiana Farm Bureau Cooperative Assn. (Indianapolis) 
(Danville, Indiana, 1943).
83. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Farm Bureau Soybean 
Oil Meal.

=== PAGE 41 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   41
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ohio Farm Bureau Cooperative 
Association.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Springﬁ eld, Ohio.
Date of Introduction:  1943.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Digest. 1947. 
“Expansion of plant facilities of Farm Bureau Cooperative 
Association (Columbus, Ohio) during the past 2 years.” 
Jan. p. 30. It “has included a soybean processing plant 
at Springﬁ eld, Ohio, and an oil reﬁ nery at Louisville, 
Kentucky.”
Soybean Blue Book. 1947. “Processors of soybeans.” p. 
62. Ohio–Springﬁ eld: Farm Bureau Cooperative Assn, Inc. 
442 N. Limestone St. (Ofﬁ ce 246 N. High St., Columbus, 
Ohio). (1) President: M.D. Lincoln; (3) Secretary: K.N. 
Probasco; (5, 6) Head soybean buyer and oil sales manager: 
M.D. Losey; (9) Plant manager: M.C. Langdon. 3 expellers, 
capacity 60 tons/day. Trichloroethylene solvent capacity 25 
tons/day. Storage capacity 325,000 bushels. “Farm Bureau” 
soybean oil meal. “Cooperative Mills” feeds.
 Goss, Warren H. 1952. “Trends in the oilseed industry.” 
J. of the American Oil Chemists’ Soc. 29(7):253-57. July. 
See p. 255. “Trichloroethylene extraction of soybeans:... 
The Detrex extractor was one of the ﬁ rst” and two small 
extractors were installed during World War II in Danville, 
Indiana, and Springﬁ eld, Ohio.
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 
p. July. See p. 10. Table 5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing plants that had ceased operations as of 1970.” 
3. Ohio Farm Bureau Cooperative Assoc., Columbus, Ohio 
(Springﬁ eld, Ohio 1943).
84. Soybean Digest. 1944. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the 
industry: Missouri Farmers Association... Jan. p. 20.
• Summary: “... sponsored a soybean victory dinner at 
Mexico, Missouri, in December. Speakers include A.F. 
Stephens, agricultural agent for the Alton Railroad; W.A. 
Albrecht, head of the soils department of the Missouri 
College of Agriculture; Maurice Maze, manager of M.F.A. 
Cooperative Grain & Feed; and F.V . Heinkel, president of the 
Missouri Farmers Association.”
 Note: The full name of this company is Missouri 
Farmers Association Cooperative Grain & Feed Co. This is 
the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) concerning MFA and 
soybeans. However, this plant had apparently not yet begun 
to process soybeans.
85. Colfer, W.A. 1944. Processing soybeans “close to 
home.” News for Farmer Cooperatives (U.S. Farm Credit 
Administration) 10(11):16. Feb. *
86. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Missouri Farmers Association 
Cooperative Grain & Feed Co.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Mexico, Missouri.
Date of Introduction:  1944 February.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Photo captioned “Missouri 
soybean mill.” 1946. Soybean Digest. Oct. p. 15. The lower 
caption reads: “This is a closeup of the new two expeller 
soybean mill of the M.F.A. [Missouri Farmers Association] 
Cooperative Grain & Feed Co., at Mexico, Missouri. 
Capacity of the 19 bins is 300,000 bushels. Fire destroyed 
the ﬁ rm’s original mill in March 1944, shortly after it had 
gone into operation.”
 Talk with Bill Lester of Omaha, Nebraska. 2008. Jan. 
13. Bill, an old-timer in the cooperative soybean processing 
industry, is certain that MFA began processing soybeans 
before the ﬁ re on 17 March 1944. He heard this more than 
once (during the 1960s) from his close friends and hunting 
partners Kermit Head and John Botkin. Kermit came to 
MFA in about the mid-1950s and was general manager 
of the soybean processing plant for more than 20 years. 
John was production manager of the same plant. The plant 
used expellers to crush the soybeans, and the ﬁ re started in 
the room where the expellers were located. Bill does not 
know how long before the ﬁ re the plant began processing 
soybeans.
87. Soybean Digest. 1944. Expansion by General Mills. Feb. 
p. 18.
• Summary: “Whitney Eastman, president of the vegetable 
oil and protein division of General Mills, Inc., has announced 
the appointment of two executives to his staff. They are 
Walter E. Flumerfelt as manager of the Belmond, Iowa 
extraction soybean processing plant, and Wilbur L. Taylor as 
technical director of the vegetable oil and protein division.
 “Mr. Flumerfelt, who joined the GMI organization 
in July, 1943, has been in the soybean business for about 
15 years. He operated his own solvent extraction soybean 
processing plant–a batch arrangement–at Monticello, Illinois, 
starting in 1929. He was a director in the National Soybean 
Processing Association for eight years.”
88. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1944. Soybean plant directors 
are entertained: Hear reports on progress made at plant and 
other details at C. of C. meeting 
Tuesday night. March 16. p. 
1.
• Summary: “Directors of the Boone Valley Soybean 
Processing Cooperative were guests at the Chamber of 
Commerce meeting Monday night. Albert Koolhoff of 
Highview, president of the cooperative, explained the 
purposes of the project...”
 “Ed Olson, plant manager, said the mill would be 

=== PAGE 42 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   42
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
underway shortly [about 5 months late] and would be 
formally opened next Friday.” A list is given of the directors 
and elevator members of the various member cooperatives 
who were present.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (July 2005) 
concerning the Boone Valley Cooperative Processing 
Association (Eagle Grove, Iowa).
89. M.F.A. [Missouri Farmers Association] Cooperative 
Grain & Feed Co. 1944. Fire or explosion in soybean 
crushing plant. Mexico, Missouri. March 17.
• Summary: Mexico Evening Ledger (Missouri). 1944. “Fire 
destroys M.F.A. [Missouri Farmers Association] mill and 
elevator here Friday night with estimated $280,000 loss: 42 
thousand bushel of grain, machinery, much feed are lost.” 
March 18. p. 1. The ﬁ re, whose cause is unknown, started on 
Friday, March 17. Note: An article in this same newspaper 
on March 21 (p. 1; “Post says MFA may not build mill in 
Mexico”) strongly suggests that MFA has not yet started to 
process soybeans in this plant.
Soybean Digest. 1944. “Fire destroys Missouri Farmers 
Association feed and soybean mill at Mexico, Missouri.” 
April. p. 22. The ﬁ re on March 17 caused $250,000 in 
damage, wiped out months of work in preparing the property 
for active operation.
Soybean Digest. 1946. “Missouri soybean mill.” Oct. 
p. 15. A photo shows a grain storage elevator with many 
towering concrete bins. The lower caption reads: “This is a 
closeup of the new two expeller soybean mill of the M.F.A. 
[Missouri Farmers Association] Cooperative Grain & Feed 
Co., at Mexico, Missouri. Capacity of the 19 bins is 300,000 
bushels. Fire destroyed the ﬁ rm’s original mill in March 
1944, shortly after it had gone into operation.” Address: 
Mexico, Missouri.
90. Mexico Evening Ledger (Missouri). 1944. Fire destroys 
M.F.A. [Missouri Farmers Association] mill and elevator 
here Friday night with estimated $280,000 loss: 42 thousand 
bushel of grain, machinery, much feed are lost. One of the 
worst ﬁ res in Mexico’s history destroys former Pollock Mill–
Cause of ﬁ re unknown–Other departments assist. March 18. 
p. 1.
• Summary: The ﬁ re, whose cause is unknown, was one of 
the worst in the history of Mexico, Missouri. It completely 
destroyed the main feed mill and the elevator building, 
and the soybean processing plant of the Missouri Farmers 
Association.
 The ﬁ re started on Friday, March 17, at about 8:45 p.m., 
“in the northwest corner of the top ﬂ oor of the main four-
story building which housed the feed mill and the ofﬁ ce 
of the MFA plant.” A high wind fanned the ﬂ ames, and 
“carried sparks to the old wooden elevator frame building 
about 50 feet west of the main building. Fire soon broke 
out in the elevator building, which had a storage capacity of 
65,000 bushels. The building, one of the oldest landmarks in 
Mexico, had been well constructed with 6 by 6 timbers laid 
on top of each other, this causing a larger conﬂ agration.”
 Maurice Maze, manager of the mill, said the elevator 
building contained 18,000 bushels of soybeans, 16,000 
bushels of wheat and 8,000 bushels of corn, all of which 
were destroyed and were still burning Saturday forenoon.
 “Also destroyed with the main building was $10,000 
worth of newly manufactured commercial feed and $80,000 
worth of new equipment and machinery which the MFA 
had purchased for remodeling and expanding the mill and 
soybean processing plant. Some of the equipment and 
machinery had already been installed, Mr. Maze said, while 
some of it was stored awaiting installation.” One person, 
Nelson Fittner, a volunteer ﬁ re ﬁ ghter, was injured in the 
blaze.
 Note: The full name of this company is Missouri 
Farmers Association Cooperative Grain & Feed Co. This is 
the 2nd earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) concerning MFA 
and soybeans. However, this plant had apparently not yet 
begun to process soybeans (see article of March 21, p. 1).
91. Mexico Evening Ledger (Missouri). 1944. Complete 
original milling plant (Illustration caption). March 18. p. 1.
• Summary: “The above is a woodcut of the Pollock Milling 
Co. buildings [in Mexico, Missouri] made many years ago 
before it had been purchased by the MFA as a soybean 
processing plant.”
92. Mexico Evening Ledger (Missouri). 1944. MFA hopes to 
rebuild here, ofﬁ cial says: A.J. Loutch of Kansas City arrives 
in Mexico Saturday. March 18. p. 1.
• Summary: Loutch is director of the Cooperative Feed and 
Grain Division of the Missouri Farmers Association. “’We 
hope to go ahead with our program,’ Mr. Loutch said, ‘but 
nowadays you don’t know what you are liable to run into. 
If it takes as long to get the materials for rebuilding as it 
took to get materials for our remodeling, we’ll all have long 
whiskers.’
 “Whether MFA will be able to obtain priorities for 
rebuilding the mill and soybean plant is problematical.” The 
losses were fairly well covered by insurance–including the 
buildings and grain in the elevator.
93. White, L. Mitchell. 1944. The M.F.A. mill ﬁ re. Mexico 
Evening Ledger (Missouri). March 18. p. 1.
• Summary: “The plant will no doubt be rebuilt, but whether 
it will be rebuilt on the present site or in another part of the 
state has not yet been decided.
 
“Mexico, Audrain county and all this section of Missouri 
have found the mill a great impetus for the development of 
the soybean here as well as an economic convenience that 
cannot be discounted.
 “For years we have wanted such a mill in Mexico. Then 

=== PAGE 43 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   43
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
it materialized. Now it is gone... We hope the M.F.A. will 
rebuild the mill here. We know the community will cooperate 
in every way to make this possible.”
94. Mexico Ledger (Missouri). 1944. Salvaging of MFA 
[Missouri Farmers Association] grain to start Tuesday: No 
ofﬁ cial estimate made yet of loss in Friday’s ﬁ re. March 20. 
p. 1, col. 1.
• Summary: “Quite a bit of the grain is still good for hog 
feed and will be sold to farmers for that purpose. Wheat 
won’t burn at all and soybean and corn do not burn very 
much.”
95. Mexico Evening Ledger (Missouri). 1944. M.F.A. mill 
and elevator destroyed by ﬁ re (Photo caption). March 21. p. 
1.
• Summary: This photo shows the “Missouri Farmers 
Association feed mill and elevator last Friday night while 
the destructive ﬁ re was at its height... To the right can be 
seen the huge wooden-frame elevator, entirely enveloped 
in ﬂ ames. Local ﬁ remen said the ﬁ re was the worst in the 
history of Mexico. Loss was estimated at $280,000.”
96. Mexico Evening Ledger (Missouri). 1944. Post says 
MFA may not build mill in Mexico: St. Louis paper says 
inadequate ﬁ re protection is one reason. March 21. p. 1.
• Summary: An article is yesterday’s St. Louis Post-Dispatch 
is reprinted in full. “Mexico, Missouri. March 19... H.E. 
Kleinfelter of the Missouri Farmers Association at Columbia 
said today there was some doubt as to whether the plant, 
which was bought by the co-operative last summer and was 
being converted into a soybean processing mill, would be 
rebuilt here because of inadequate ﬁ re protection. He said 
25 minutes passed before sufﬁ cient water pressure could 
be developed to send jets to the fourth ﬂ oor of the building 
where the ﬁ re broke out and added that the plant might have 
been saved in that time.”
 “The mill here, one of the oldest in the State, had been 
scheduled to start producing feeds for 60 local co-operatives 
in East and Central Missouri within two weeks, Klinefelter 
said, asserting that the ﬁ re was a major setback to plans to 
enlarge feed and protein supplies in the area.”
 “Under the original plans, the mill was to have 
processed soybeans produced in six Northeast Missouri 
counties, the oil going to feed industries, the proteins to 
livestock raisers and the feeds to the farmer-members of the 
cooperatives. The M.F.A. has feed mills at Springﬁ eld and 
Aurora serving other parts of the State.”
97. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1944. Looking down from 
1000 feet (Photo caption). March 23. p. B1.
• Summary: This aerial photo shows the Boone Valley 
Cooperative Processing Association soybean plant. “The 
C.&N.W. round house and turn table can be seen in the upper 
right hand corner.” Note: The plant is apparently not yet 
operating.
98. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1944. You are invited to visit 
the Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association plant 
on Friday, March 24, and see Felco soy bean meal in the 
making. March 23. p. 4. 
Thursday. Special 4-page section.
• Summary: This invitation has a big page-width banner 
headline across the top half of the ﬁ rst page of this 4-page 
special issue of the newspaper. Below that, in smaller letters, 
we read: “Starting at 10:00 a.m. Friday, March 24th there 
will be regularly conducted tours through the plant for 
everyone. Ofﬁ cers and directors who are acquainted with the 
operation will serve as guides. From 11 a.m. until 4 p.m. the 
Eagle Grove Chamber of Commerce will serve coffee and 
doughnuts to the visitors. You will have an opportunity to see 
one of the newest developments in agricultural processing 
in operation. You will see soy beans raised in North Central 
Iowa made into Felco Quality Bean Meal (a protein feed) 
and Soy Bean Oil–the base of oleomargarine, cooking fats, 
and other food products. Don’t miss this opportunity to see 
your home grown products processed at home.”
 Three boxes at the bottom of the page show: (1) Of ﬁ cers 
and Directors of the Boone Valley Co-op, incl. the executive 
board and advisory board. (2) “Our operations: We have 
in storage and under contract for future delivery 243,355 
bu. of soy beans, all 1943 crop. This represents about 9% 
of total production of our Member Cooperative Farmers. 
From this we expect to process 40 tons of Bean Meal daily 
during the coming year. Our member cooperatives will 
receive approximately 70% of this Felco [Soy] Bean Meal to 
distribute among their farmer members. We will also produce 
approximately 1,500 gallons of bean oil daily. Bean oil at 
present is allocated entirely to food processing companies. 
The daily consumption of beans is 1,800 bushels. During 
war time the soy beans and the processed products from 
the beans are controlled both as to price and distribution by 
Commodity Credit and War Food Administration. While 
this plant was built by farmers to relive a shortage of protein 
feed caused by the war, our unusual 30-member company 
organization assures us of successful peace time operation.
 (3) Farmer cooperative stockholders companies 
[alphabetical by city in Iowa]: Hobarton Cooperative 
Elevator Co., Algona. Badger Cooperative Elevator Co., 
Badger. Farmers Grain Company, Belmond. Farmers 
Cooperative Elevator Co., Blairsburg. Bradgate Cooperative 
Exchange, Bradgate. Farmers Cooperative Elevator Co., 
Boxholm. Farmers Cooperative Elevator Co., Eagle Grove. 
Farmers Cooperative Co., Ellsworth. Farmers Cooperative 
Grain & Coal Co., Fort Dodge. Palmgrove Cooperative, 
Fort Dodge. Farmers Cooperative Co., Garden City. 
Gilmore Cooperative Co., Gilmore City. Farmers Elevator 
Co., Goldﬁ eld. Farmers Cooperative Grain & Lumber Co., 
Gowrie. Farmers Elevator Co., Hampton. Hardy Cooperative 

=== PAGE 44 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   44
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Elevator Co., Hardy. Farmers Cooperative Association, 
Humboldt. Farmers Cooperative Elevator Co., Iowa Falls. 
Farmers Elevator & Supply Co., Kamrar. Blandin Farmers 
Cooperative Society, Manson. Farmers Cooperative 
Elevator, Ottosen. Farmers Cooperative Elevator Co., 
Radcliffe. Farmers Cooperative Grain Co., Randall. Farmers 
Cooperative Co., Renwick. Farmers Elevator & Livestock 
Co., Stanhope. Stratford Grain & Supply Co., Stratford. 
Community Cooperative Association, Webster City. 
Highview Cooperative Elevator, Webster City. Whittemore 
Elevator Co., Whittemore. Farmers Cooperative Elevator 
Co., Woolstock.
 “30 farmer cooperative owners with a membership of 
11,000 north central Iowa farmers.”
 On page 2, which has a page-width banner headline 
across the top (“Soybean plant open house Friday”) are large 
messages of congratulations from almost every organization 
on the small town of Eagle Grove, plus some from nearby 
cities. One article titled “Invite public to see mill in 
operation,” states that “The mill will be in full operation,” 
explains how the soybeans are processed and the oil and 
meal used, and adds that “At present two shifts of 4 men are 
employed on each shift.”
 On page 3 is a long article titled “Soybeans and world 
trade, by Robert M. Walse, two short articles (“Do soybeans 
hurt the soil?,” by Enoch M. Norum, and “Bean support at 
$2.04” from Wallace’ s Farmer), and more large messages of 
congratulations.
 Page 4, titled “Welcome–Boone Valley Cooperative 
Processing Association,” expresses appreciation from the 
residents of Eagle Grove and gives “A picture story of Felco 
Bean Meal in the making,” with 4 photos.
 Note 1. The Boone Valley plant is now apparently in 
operation.
 Note 2. This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
that mentions the word “Felco” in connection with soybean 
meal.
99. Mexico Evening Ledger (Missouri). 1944. MFA 
[Missouri Farmers Association] directors decide to continue 
milling operations in Mexico for present time on temporary 
basis: Board undecided as a rebuilding here or another 
location. Farmers asked to meet here next Wednesday to give 
opinions regarding plant–Many other towns want MFA to 
locate there. March 23. p. 1.
• Summary: The board plans to meet again, at the call of 
president Heinkel, within 15 days from the time of the ﬁ re.
100. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Boone Valley Cooperative 
Processing Association.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Eagle Grove, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1944 March.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
New Product–Documentation:  Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 
1944. March 23. p. 4. Thursday. “You are invited to visit 
the Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association plant 
on Friday, March 24, and see Felco soy bean meal in the 
making.” Special 4-page section. One article titled “Invite 
public to see mill in operation,” states that “The mill will be 
in full operation,” explains how the soybeans are processed 
and the oil and meal used, and adds that “At present two 
shifts of 4 men are employed on each shift.”
Soybean Digest. 1946. Nov. p. 30. “Grits and ﬂ akes... 
from the world of soy: Boone Valley Cooperative Processing 
Association, Eagle Grove, Iowa, processed 475,993 
bushels of soybeans during the 1945-46 seasons, ofﬁ cials 
announced.”
Soybean Digest. 1949. July. p. 46. “Grits and ﬂ akes... 
from the world of soy: Scene at Iowa plant.” “How soybean 
oil is squeezed out of the beans by Expellers is explained 
to a group on tour of Boone Valley Cooperative Processing 
Association at Eagle Grove, Iowa, by Ed Olson (right), the 
manager. About 1,000 Iowa farmers, farm boys, vocational 
agriculture students and GI on-farm trainees in more than 30 
groups visited the Eagle Grove plant during late winter and 
early spring. Photo by Cooperative Consumer.”
Soybean Digest. 1949. Oct. p. 36. “Grits and ﬂ akes... 
Boone Valley Co-op Processing Association, Eagle Grove, 
Iowa, recently held an open house celebrating the opening of 
its new soybean processing mill and feed-mixing plant. The 
ﬁ reproof structure was built by Weitz & Co., Des Moines, 
Iowa.”
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 2. Boone Valley 
Cooperative Processing Association (Eagle Grove, Iowa, 
1943).
 Crabbe, Carolyn; McCutcheon, Connie. eds. 1981. 
Eagle Grove, Iowa 1881-1981 centennial. Eagle Grove, 
Iowa: Eagle Grove Centennial Committee. vi + 218 p. See 
p. 21. A half-page detailed chronology of “Boone Valley 
Cooperative Processing Association.” “1943 April 12–First 
meeting at City Hall in Eagle Grove; adopted name of Boone 
Valley Cooperative Processing Association; 13 cooperatives, 
membership $1,000.00... June 17–Ed Olson appointed 
chairman; Purchased Northwestern Railroad Building for 
$1,500.00. “July 16–Ed Olson resigned as chairman to 
become manager at $350.00 per month. “1944 March 4–
Plant started operation.”
101. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1944. Soybean “open 
house” a gala celebration: Plant thronged with visitors 
throughout opening day last Friday. 1500 attend. March 30. 
p. 1.
• Summary: Open house at the Boone Valley soybean mill 

=== PAGE 45 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   45
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
was held last Friday [March 24] afternoon. Guides took the 
many visitors around the plant and explained the various 
operations in making soybeans into oil and meal (which is 
sacked before shipping). The Chamber of Commerce was in 
charge of serving coffee and doughnuts to the visitors.
 “The Farmers Elevator Service Co., Ralston, Iowa, 
an agency with the ‘Felco’ trademark made up by the 
membership of over 300 Farmers Elevators over the state of 
Iowa with a combined membership of over 100,000 farmer 
members, held a district meeting and banquet at the Eagle 
Grove American Legion hall Friday evening...
 About 85 members were present. They had as their 
honored member guests the ofﬁ cers and managers of the 
Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association (Eagle 
Grove, Iowa), Big 4 Cooperative Processing Association 
(Sheldon, Iowa), North Iowa Processing Association (Manly, 
Iowa), West Bend Elevator Co. (West Bend, Iowa), and 
the Farmers Cooperative Co. (Dike, Iowa). Each of these 
organizations was processing soybeans into soybean meal 
under the Service Company’s trade mark “Felco.”
 Other special guests and visitors are listed. “During the 
forenoon a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Boone 
Valley Cooperative was held. Every member was present”–
for the ﬁ rst time since the cooperative was organized.
102. Soybean Digest. 1944. Iowa processors hold forth at 
Ames. March. p. 10.
• Summary:   “About 40 soybean processors of Iowa and 
surrounding states and others connected with the processing 
industry attended the ﬁ rst annual Iowa Soybean Processors’ 
Conference held at Iowa State College March 9. Dr. 
H.D. Hughes, head of the Farm Crops Department of the 
college, was chairman of the conference. Papers presented 
by members of the college staff covered studies of the 
agronomic and economic phases and work with the solvent 
extraction process. Speakers included Dr. Hughes; I.J. 
Johnson, crop breeding; C.R. Weber, assistant agronomist, 
United States Department of Agriculture; A.I. Englehorn, 
soils; W.H. Pierre, professor of agronomy; L.K. Arnold, 
chemical engineering department; E.L. Barger, agricultural 
engineering research; and C.E. Malone, farm management 
specialist.
 “Other speakers included Edward J. Dies, president 
of the National Soybean Processors Association, Chicago; 
Lamar Kishlar, president of the Oil Chemists’ Association, 
St. Louis; and Howard Roach, vice president of the American 
Soybean Association, Plainﬁ eld, Iowa.
 “Some of the papers presented at the Iowa conference 
are published in this issue. It is hoped to carry more of them 
in later issues.
 “The processors ‘kicked off’ with a dinner at the 
Sheldon-Munn hotel the evening before the conference, and 
organized the Iowa Soybean Processors Association. The 
31 soybean processors in the state are members. Donald 
B. Walker, manager of the Iowa Falls plant of the Ralston 
Purina Co., was elected president of the Association. It is 
planned to make the conference an annual affair to enable 
the industry to keep in close touch with the work being 
conducted at the college.
 “Those present: Representatives of processing 
companies who attended the meeting included: Don Edison, 
Farmers Grain Dealers Association, Fort Dodge, Iowa; 
Ralph Wells, Ralph Wells and Co., Monmouth, Illinois; 
H.R. Straight, Iowa Soya Co., Redﬁ eld; Howard L. Roach, 
J. Roach Sons, Inc., Plainﬁ eld; L.O. Hauskins, Cargill, Inc., 
Cedar Rapids;
 “R.W. Jurgins, West Bend Elevator Co., West Bend; 
C.K. Gordon, Farmers Co-op Elevator Co., Martelle; Glen 
Pogeler, North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association, 
Manly; E.O. Woodard, Western Soybean Mills, Sioux Falls, 
S.D.; J.L. Parmenter, Big 4 Co-op, Sheldon; Harry Grubs, 
Farmers Co-op. Elevator Co., Hubbard; Edward J. Dies, 
National Soybean Processors Association, 
Chicago; Walt Flumerfelt, General Mills, 
Inc., Minneapolis [Minnesota]; Karl Nolin, 
Farmers Co-op Association, Ralston; C.M. 
Gregory, Farmers Co-op Co., Dike; Eugene 
E. Woolley, General Mills, Inc., Belmond; 
Hjalmar N. Johnson, Ralston Purina Co., 
Iowa Falls; Bob Scroggs, Sioux Soya Co., 
Sioux City; Clark A. Cooley, Spencer 
Kellogg and Sons, Des Moines; Hugh 
Sanders, Spencer Kellogg and Sons, Des 
Moines;
 “Victor Claude, Boone Valley Co-op, 
Eagle Grove; A.F. Leathers, Swift and Co., 
Des Moines; Art Kliever, Sioux Soya Co., 
Sioux City; M.R. Eighmy, Cooch Mill and 
Elevator Co., Lincoln; H.E. Schroeder, 
Muscatine Processing Corporation, 


=== PAGE 46 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   46
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Muscatine; C.F. Marshall, Allied Mills, Inc., Chicago; L.J. 
Murphy, Allied Mills, Inc., Omaha [Nebraska]; Ernie Lyster, 
Iowa Soya Co., Redﬁ eld; H.R. Schultz, Pillsbury Flour Mills 
Co., Centerville; Donald B. Walker, Ralston Purina Co., 
Iowa Falls; Odell Simonsen, Simonsen Mill Rendering Plant, 
Quimby; W.E. Simonsen, Simonsen Mill Rendering Plant, 
Quimby;
 “Ed O`Connor, Soy Bean Processing Co., Waterloo; 
E.L. Dutcher, Swift & Co., Des Moines; Hjalmer Johnson, 
Ralston Purina Co., Iowa Falls; A.J. Monach, Dannen Grain 
& Milling Co., St. Joseph, Missouri; Charles E. Nelson, 
Thomson’s Soya Mill, Hiawatha, Kansas; A.G. Thomson, 
Thomson’s Soya Mill, Hiawatha, Kans.; J.J. Thomson, 
Thomson’s Soya Mill, Hiawatha, Kans.; and J. Morgan 
Wilson, Honeymead Products Co., Spencer.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) that 
mentions the North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association 
(Manly, Iowa).
103. Soybean Digest. 1944. Co-op processing mill (Photo 
caption). April. p. 10.
• Summary: This large photo shows the mill next to a 
railroad siding. The caption reads: “This farmer-owned 
soybean processing plant at Ralston, Iowa, is one of eight 
such plants in the state, and is owned by 481 Carroll and 
Greene County farmers. Karl Nolin is the manager. Capacity 
is 300,000 bushels annually.”
104. Soybean Digest. 1944. Grits and ﬂ akes from the 
industry: Fire destroys Missouri Farmers Association feed 
and soybean mill at Mexico, Missouri. April. p. 22.
• Summary: The ﬁ re on March 17 caused $250,000 in 
damage, wiped out months of work in preparing the 
property for active operation, and destroyed 18,000 bushels 
of soybeans, 16,000 bushels of wheat, and 8,000 bushels 
of corn. The MFA, which does a large feed business in 
Missouri, has not announced plans to replace the property.
 Note: The full name of this company is Missouri 
Farmers Association Cooperative Grain & Feed Co.
105. Soybean Digest. 1944. Grits and ﬂ akes from the 
industry: A $6,000 mill to process soybeans and ﬂ ax will 
be erected by Consumers Cooperative Association at 
Coffeyville, Kansas. April. p. 22.
• Summary: The mill will be constructed near the 
association’s reﬁ ning facilities at Coffeyville as soon as 
equipment is obtained under its priority rating. An expeller 
type plant which will process 1,600 bushels/day of soybeans, 
it will be another step in the wholesale association’s plan to 
build a complete feed program.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
concerning the Consumers Cooperative Association, which 
began operating this soybean processing plant at Coffeyville, 
Kansas (its ﬁ rst) in 1945. On 1 Sept. 1966 the Consumers 
Cooperative Association changed its name to Farmland 
Industries, Inc.
106. Fort Dodge Messenger and Chronicle (Iowa). 1944. 
One killed and eight injured by whirlwind. May 20. p. 1, 14. 
Saturday evening.
• Summary: A large page-width banner headline across the 
front page reads: “Heavy tornado damage.” One person was 
killed and at least 8 injured in accidents resulting from the 
twister last night (Friday, May 19) shortly after 7:00 p.m. 
Guy Hanson, a trucker, suffered fractures of both arms and 
a shoulder when he was hit by a section of brick wall that 
fell when the twister hit Cargill’s plant at First street and 
Central avenue in Fort Dodge. The roof and third story of 
the building were destroyed, and a large section of the east 
wall caved in Eight employees at the soybean mill were 
uninjured, despite heavy damage to the building.
 A smaller article just to the right of this one, titled “Six 
calls for city ﬁ remen during storm,” states that a man was 
reported buried in debris following the collapse of a portion 
of the Cargill mill. But he had been rescued when ﬁ remen 
arrived. The mill is still without power.
107. Globe-Gazette (Mason City, Iowa). 1944. $110,000 
soybean plant at Manly prepares to open: Set to operate 24 
hours daily. Equipment is modern; serves 25 elevators. Sept. 
6. p. 4.
• Summary: “Manly–After many delays in getting material, 
the soybean plant at Manly has been completed to the extent 
that it may be going full blast by Monday, it was announced 
by the manager, Glenn Pogeler.” “The construction program 
has been under the supervision of Engineer M.L. Todd and 
associates of Waterloo.” “Fourteen men will be employed 
outside of the ofﬁ ce.”
 “The ownership of this plant is in the hands of 25 co-
operative elevators, within a radius of 50 miles of Manly. 
The outlet from Manly is excellent because of the 3 railroads, 
the Rock Island, M. & St. L. and Great Western.
 “There are 7 other such [co-operative soybean] plants 
in the state [of Iowa] located at Martelle, Dyke, Hubbard, 
Ralston, West Bend, Sheldon, and Eagle Grove.
 “Manager Pogeler has had 12 years experience in 
the grain and elevator business. He is married and has 2 
children.”
108. Manly Signal (Manly, Iowa). 1944. Soy bean plant open 
house will be Monday: Plans for soy bean processing plant 
were started in April, 1943. Sept. 28. p. 1.
• Summary: Farmers started this plant because they felt they 
were being “gyped” [gypped] in the way they had to buy 
back the “soy bean meal, a valuable protein feed supplement, 
after shipping their beans to the big processors.
 “The government had placed a ceiling [price, during 
World War II] on soy bean meal, but had neglected to control 

=== PAGE 47 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   47
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
mixed feeds. Consequently the processors, instead of turning 
back the meal, would sell it to mixers who would add 
other ingredients and then would sell an oftentimes inferior 
product under a fancy label, back to the farmers at greatly 
increased prices.
 “The injustice of the procedure was realized by all 
connected with the farming industry, and ofﬁ cers on 
the Manly Farmers Elevator talked over the proposition 
of getting a processing plant. Messrs. Randall, Barker, 
Bosworth and County Agent Nelson went to Fort Dodge 
to see further about it. There a federation of elevators was 
suggested as it was felt that it would be too big a proposition 
for any one elevator to handle.
 “In May [1943] a meeting of the elevators in Worth 
and Cerro Gordo counties was held and Messrs. Earl Dean 
and Marion Olson of Cerro Gordo and Messrs. Barker, 
Lawyer, and Nelson of Worth county were named to 
contact additional elevators in this territory. Much interest 
was manifested and a meeting was held a week later with 
representatives of 25 elevators present. At this time $47,000 
was subscribed and a temporary organization was completed 
with Courtney Lawyer of Manly as chairman and Joe 
Gallagher of Mason City as secretary.
 A committee was appointed to ﬁ nd a location, and the 
present site was secured from the Rock Island Railroad on a 
long term lease. A temporary board of directors was named; 
they purchased equipment, which included expellers from 
the French Oil Machinery Co. of Piqua, Ohio. They also 
hired Mr. Glenn Pogeler as manager; he took active charge 
about Sept. 1.
 “A permanent organization was later completed. A 
charter was drawn up and capitalization of $100,000 was 
authorized. The following permanent ofﬁ cers were elected: 
Courtney Lawyer, of Manly, Chairman. Earl Dean, Mason 
City, Ch/n. [Vice Chairman]. Joe Gallagher, Mason City, 
Sec’y. Directors–Martin Fabricius, W.J. Taylor, Clint 
Daniels, Elmer Appell.
 “Construction of the plant was started in December 
[1943] and in spite of many delays caused primarily 
by present war conditions and restrictions, it is now in 
operation. With one or two exceptions it is as large as any 
plant in the state at the present time.
 “The following elevators are members of the 
organization: Northwood, Grafton, Hanlontown, Little Cedar, 
Osage, Stacyville, Nora Springs, Rudd, Rockford, Rockwell, 
Shefﬁ eld, Thornton, Clear Lake, Garner, Klemme, Woden, 
Forest City, Thompson, Leland, Lake Mills, Burchinal, 
Portland, Scarville, Plymouth, Manly.”
 A photo shows the new soy bean plant “now in 
operation in Manly.” To the left is the ofﬁ ce building and 
to the right are two large storage bins, each with a capacity 
of 14,000 bushels of soy beans. The oil storage tanks, each 
holding 12,000 gallons, are in the center. “The building 
containing the expellers and other necessary equipment for 
the extracting of oil is in the rear.”
109. Manly Signal (Manly, Iowa). 1944. Visitors invited 
to make inspection of new equipment: Business men will 
furnish refreshments during the day. Sept. 28. p. 1.
• Summary: “Open house will be held next Monday, 
October 2nd at the Manly Soy Bean Plant, and all residents 
of this and neighboring communities are invited to take the 
opportunity to make an inspection of the plant and learn just 
what operations are necessary for the extraction of oil from 
the beans. Manager plans to have everything in operation 
by October 2nd and he will have guides to help explain the 
various parts of the plant.
 Manly business and professional men will join with 
the North Iowa Co-operative Processing Association “in 
making the open house a success by serving free coffee and 
doughnuts to visitors.
 “The Manly plant, which is equipped with the latest 
machinery, has a capacity of processing approximately 1,500 
bushels of beans each 24 hours and from this amount of 
beans they will make about 35 tons of meal and from 1,600 
to 1,700 gallons of oil. The soy bean meal is available to 
customers of the member elevators and will be distributed 
through these elevators.” The oil is shipped to soy bean oil 
reﬁ neries; about 85% of it is used in food products.
 The plant is presently equipped with 2 large circular 
bins, each holding 14,000 bushels of soy beans. “Automatic 
elevators both ﬁ ll the bins and later carry the beans to the 
plant for processing. There are also two oil tanks of 12,000 
gallons capacity each which hold the oil until it is shipped 
in regular tank cars of the same type that is used in shipping 
crude oil [petroleum].
 The plant is also equipped with a 100 horse power 
coal-ﬁ red boiler, which furnishes steam to operate the plant. 
Manager Pogeler and his secretary, Miss Barbara Deninger, 
are in charge of the business end.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
that uses the name “North Iowa Co-operative Processing 
Association.”
110. Globe-Gazette (Mason City, Iowa). 1944. Soybean plant 
to open house: public invited to see system of processing. 
Sept. 30. p. 6.
• Summary: “Manly–The soybean plant and North Iowa 
Association will hold open house at Manly Monday, giving 
a public invitation to all to inspect the new and modern 
soybean plant from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
 “The North Iowa Co-operative Processing Association 
has added new elevators to its former list, and membership 
now includes the towns of Burchinal, Clear Lake, Forest 
City, Garner, Grafton, Hanlontown, Klemme, Lake Mills, 
Leland, Little Cedar, Manly, Nora Springs, Northwood, 
Osage, Plymouth, Portland, Rockford, Rockwell, Rudd, 
Scarville, Shefﬁ eld, Stacyville, Thompson, Thornton and 

=== PAGE 48 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   48
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Woden.
 “Glenn H. Pogeler is manager at Manly.”
111. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmers Cooperative Elevator.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Dyke, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1944 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Globe-Gazette (Mason 
City, Iowa). 1944. $110,000 soybean plant at Manly prepares 
to open. Sept. 6. p. 4. “There are 7 other such [co-operative 
soybean] plants in the state [of Iowa] located at Martelle, 
Dyke, Hubbard, Ralston, West Bend, Sheldon, and Eagle 
Grove.”
 Strayer, George M. 1981. “Cooperative soybean 
processing in America” (Interview). Conducted by William 
Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center, Sept. 15. 1 p. transcript. The 
“co-ops” ﬁ rst started crushing soybeans during World War II, 
and by the end of the war there were about 40-50 crushing 
plants in operation. Soybean crushing plants were set up by 
already established cooperative grain elevators. There were 
about ten in Iowa, in places like Dyke, Sac City, and Manley. 
Originally, most of the plants were small expeller plants.
112. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Hubbard Soy Bean Mill. Later 
renamed Farmers Cooperative Elevator.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Hubbard, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1944 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Globe-Gazette (Mason 
City, Iowa). 1944. $110,000 soybean plant at Manly prepares 
to open. Sept. 6. p. 4. “There are 7 other such [co-operative 
soybean] plants in the state [of Iowa] located at Martelle, 
Dyke, Hubbard, Ralston, West Bend, Sheldon, and Eagle 
Grove.”
Soybean Digest. 1946. “The Hubbard, Iowa, soybean 
mill has been bought by W.J. Hershberger and Forest Miller, 
both of Omaha” [Nebraska]. Dec. p. 28. “... Lee Hershberger 
will continue as manager.” Soybean Blue Book. 1947. 
“Processors of soybeans” [USA and Canada]. See p. 54. 
“Iowa–Hubbard. Hubbard Soybean Mill, Inc. (Afﬁ liate of 
F.R. Miller Feed Mills.) President & head soybean buyer: 
W.J. Hershberger. Secretary & oil sales manager: F.R. Miller. 
Plant manager: Lee Hershberger. 2 expellers. Processing 
capacity: 35 tons/day. Storage capacity 89,000 bushels. 
‘Hubbard’ soybean oil meal.”
Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1948. “Bulletin.” Jan. 1. p. 
1. “Ed Olson notiﬁ ed the Eagle late yesterday that the Boone 
Valley Cooperative Processing Association had purchased 
the Hubbard Soy Bean Mill, Inc. at Hubbard, Iowa. Purchase 
was made from F.R. Miller and W.J. Hershberger. Possession 
will be given Wednesday night, December 31 [1947] at 
midnight.”
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 
p. July. See p. 10. Table 5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing plants that had ceased operations as of 1970.” 11. 
Farmers Cooperative Elevator (Hubbard, Iowa, 1945).
113. National Soybean Processors Association. 1944. Year 
book, 1944-1945 (Association year). Chicago, Illinois. 71 p.
• Summary: Contents: Constitution and by-laws (incl. 
committees, code of ethics). Ofﬁ cers, directors and 
committees for 1944-45. Membership of the National 
Soybean Processors Association. Trading rules governing the 
purchase and sale of soybean oil meal. Appendix to trading 
rules on soybean oil meal: Ofﬁ cial methods of analysis 
(moisture, protein, oil, crude ﬁ ber–ofﬁ cial). Trading rules 
on soybean oil. Appendix to trading rules on soybean oil: 
Uniform sales contract, reﬁ ning loss method (cup reﬁ ning 
test, tentative ofﬁ cial centrifugal reﬁ ning test), soybean oil 
bleach test–reﬁ ned oils, free fatty acids, tentative method of 
grading soybean oil for green color, ofﬁ cial method for oil 
sampling, standard speciﬁ cations for crude soybean oil for 
technical uses, moisture and volatile matter (vacuum oven 
method, hot plate method), modiﬁ ed Gardner break test, 
iodine number–Wijs method, unsaponiﬁ able matter, ofﬁ cial 
chemists and samplers for oil.
 
Article IX, Committees, lists and describes each.
 The section titled “Of ﬁ cers, directors, and committees” 
(p. 13-20) states: President: Edward J. Dies. V .P., Chairman 
Executive Committee: E.K. Scheiter. Secretary: C.E. Butler. 
Treasurer: E.F. Johnson. Ass’t. Treasurer: F.G. Duncanson. 
Executive Committee: E.K. Scheiter, Chairman, D.J. 
Bunnell, C.E. Butler, Edward J. Dies, Jasper Giovanna, S.F. 
Johnson, Mr. June S. Mitchell, H.R. Scroggs.
 Board of Directors (Term expiring Sept. 1945): C.E. 
Butler, H.L. Dannen, Roger Drackett, Howard Kellogg, Jr., 
W.H. Knapp, H.R. Scroggs. (Term expiring Sept. 1946): 
H.A. Abbott, D.J. Bunnell, H.E. Carpenter, J.B. DeHaven, 
Philip S. Duff, P.M. Jarvis. (Term expiring Sept. 1947): 
J.H. Caldwell, Jasper Giovanna, Mr. June S. Mitchell, E.K. 
Scheiter, H.R. Schulze, P.E. Sprague.
 Standing committees: For each committee, the names 
of all members (with the chairman designated), with the 
company and company address of each are given–Trafﬁ c 
and transportation. Research. Technical. Soybean grades 
and contracts. Oil trading rules. Meal trading rules. Soy 
ﬂ our. Crop improvement. Soybean research council. Trade 
development. Edible soybean. Handwritten on blank facing 
pages: Contract. Margarine. Wartime exports (11 March 
1945). Soybean oil meal industry advisory committee. 
Nominating committee (16 July 1945). Uniform rules and 
standards committee for soybean oil meal (14 Sept. 1945). 

=== PAGE 49 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   49
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Urea yield committee (14 Sept. 1945).
 The following organizations, and individuals are 
members of NSPA: Albers Milling Co., Seattle, Washington 
(W.P. Kyle). Allied Mills, Inc., Board of Trade Bldg., 
Chicago, Illinois (6 members). Archer-Daniels-Midland 
Co., Box 839, Minneapolis, Minnesota; Chicago, Illinois; 
Decatur, Illinois; Toledo, Ohio (5 members). Berea Milling 
Co. (The), Lexington, Ohio. Blanton Mill (The), St. 
Louis, Missouri. Boone Valley Cooperative, Eagle Grove, 
Iowa. Buckeye Cotton Oil Co. (The), Cincinnati, Ohio; 
Louisville, Kentucky; Memphis, Tennessee. Cairo Meal 
& Cake Co., Cairo, Illinois. Cargill, Inc., Minneapolis, 
Minnesota (Julius Hendel); Springﬁ eld, Illinois (Eric Nadel); 
Cedar Rapids, Iowa (L.O. Hauskins); Fort Dodge, Iowa 
(H.E. Marxhausen). Central Iowa Bean Mill, Gladbrook, 
Iowa. Central Soya Co., Inc., Chicago, Illinois; Gibson 
City, Illinois; Decatur, Indiana (3 members). Clinton Co., 
Clinton, Iowa (E.W. Myers). Concord Soya Corporation, 
Concord, Michigan (W.C. Whittecar). Dannen Grain & 
Milling Co., St. Joseph, Missouri. Decatur Soy Products 
Co., Decatur, Illinois (Jasper Giovanna). Drackett Co. (The), 
Cincinnati 32, Ohio (Roger Drackett). Elevators & Mills, 
Inc., Windfall, Indiana (Mr. June S. Mitchell). Fairﬁ eld Soy 
Mill, Fairﬁ eld, Iowa (Jos. Sinaiko). Farmers Cooperative 
Assn., Ralston, Iowa (Karl Nolin). Farmers Cooperative 
Co., Dike, Iowa (C.M. Gregory). Farmers Cooperative 
Elevator, Martelle, Iowa (C.K. Gordon -> H.B. Lovig). 
Fayette Soy Bean Mill, Fayette, Iowa (J.M. Durfey -> W.V . 
Clark). Funk Bros. Seed Co., Bloomington, Illinois (H.A. 
Abbott). Galesburg Soy Products Co., Galesburg, Illinois 
(Max Albert). General Mills, Inc., Vegetable Oil and Protein 
Div., Minneapolis, Minnesota (W.H. Eastman); Belmond, 
Iowa (W.E. Flumerfelt). Glidden Co. (The), Cleveland, 
Ohio (P.E. Sprague); Chicago, Illinois (A.A. Levinson -> 
R.R. Stegler). Gooch Milling & Elevator Co., Lincoln, 
Nebraska (M.R. Eighmy). Hemphill Soy Products Co., 
Kennett, Missouri (W.A. Hemphill). Hiawatha Soybean Mill, 
Hiawatha, Kansas (A.G. Thomson). Honeymead Products 
Co., Cedar Rapids, Iowa (D.O. Andreas -> Osborn Andreas); 
Spencer, Iowa (J.M. Wilson -> Steve Burke); Washington, 
Iowa (Hugo Lensch). Hoosier Soybean Mills, Marion, 
Indiana (J.H. Caldwell, Jr.). Huegely Elevator Co., Nashville, 
Illinois (J.W. Huegely). Hulcher Soy Products, Virden, 
Illinois (Norman E. Hulcher). Iowa Soy Co., Redﬁ eld, Iowa 
(E. Lyster -> H.R. Straight). Kansas Soybean Mills, Inc. 
(The), Emporia, Kansas (Ted W. Lord). Laucks (I.F.), Inc., 
Portsmouth, Virginia (H.F. Armstrong). Mankato Soybean 
Products Inc., Mankato, Minnesota (Frank J. Bergman -> 
W.A. Berge). Marr (Pete) Soybean Mills, Fremont, Nebraska 
(Pete Marr). Mellott Grain Co., Mellott, Indiana (Milford 
Knowles). Muscatine Processing Corp., Muscatine, Iowa 
(G.A. Kent). Old Fort Mills, Inc., Marion, Ohio (Ralph Kail). 
Owensboro Grain Co., Owensboro, Kentucky (William M. 
O’Bryan). Pillsbury Soy Mills, Clinton, Iowa (Raymond C. 
Ilstrup); Centerville, Iowa (H.R. Schultz). Procter & Gamble 
Distributing Co., Cincinnati, Ohio. Procter & Gamble, 
Ivorydale, Ohio (W.H. Knapp). Producers Cooperative 
Oil Mill, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma (O.K. Winterringer). 
Quincy Soybean Products Co., Quincy, Illinois (Irving 
Rosen). Ralston Purina Co., St. Louis, Missouri (E.F. 
Johnson); Kansas City, Missouri (G.H. Banks); Lafayette, 
Indiana (Ralph Guenther); Iowa Falls, Iowa (H.N. Johnson); 
Circleville, Ohio (Hal Dean). Shellabarger Soybean Mills, 
Decatur, Illinois (W.L. Shellabarger). Simonsen Brothers, 
Quimby, Iowa (W.E. Simonsen). Sioux Soya Co., Sioux 
City, Iowa (H.R. Scroggs). Southern Cotton Oil Co. (The), 
Goldsboro, North Carolina (C.S. Ragan); Tarboro, North 
Carolina (W.A. Moore). Soya Processing Co., Wooster, Ohio 
(H.H. Heeman). Soy Bean Processing Co., Waterloo, Iowa 
(C.E. Butler). Soy-Rich Products, Inc., Wichita, Kansas 
(B.S. Brooks). Spencer Kellogg & Sons, Buffalo, New 
York; Chicago, Illinois; Decatur, Illinois; Des Moines, Iowa 
(Howard Kellogg, Jr.). Staley (A.E.) Mfg. Co., Decatur, 
Illinois (E.K. Scheiter); Painesville, Ohio (H.D. Egly -> 
Thomas Longbons). Swift & Co., Chicago, Illinois (P.M. 
Jarvis). Swift & Company Oil Mill, Cairo, Illinois (W.B. 
Stone). Swift & Company Soybean Mill, Champaign, Illinois 
(N.P. Noble). Swift & Company Soybean Mill, Des Moines, 
Iowa (A.F. Leathers). Swift & Company Soybean Mill, 
Fostoria, Ohio (S.D. Hollett -> H.S. Byrd). Toledo Soybean 
Products Co., Toledo, Ohio (J.H. Brown). Wells (Ralph) & 
Co., Monmouth, Illinois (Ralph Wells). West Bend Elevator 
Co., West Bend, Iowa (R.W. Jurgens). Western Soybean 
Mills, Sioux Falls, South Dakota (E.A. Woodward). Williams 
Milling Co., Sac City, Iowa (Leo W. Williams).
 Organizations represented on committees: American 
Soybean Association, Hudson, Iowa (George Strayer, 
Howard Roach). Illinois College of Agriculture, Urbana, 
Illinois (Dr. W.L. Burlison, J.W. Lloyd). U.S. Regional 
Soybean Laboratory, Urbana, Illinois (Dr. R.T. Milner).
 Handwritten: New members added since publication 
of the Trading Rules Book–Big 4 Cooperative Processing 
Assn., Sheldon, Iowa (Morel M. Stientjes, Mgr., April 
1945). Delphos Grain & Milling Co., Delphos, Ohio (Floyd 
E. Hiegel, Pres., Aug. 1945). Haynes Soy Products Inc., 
Portland, Indiana (W.V . Helﬁ ker, Ofﬁ ce Mgr., May 1945). 
Holland Pioneer Mills Inc., Ohio City, Ohio (G.A. Holland, 
Pres., March 1945). Jamesville Mills, Inc., Jamesville, 
Wisconsin (A. Roger Hook, Mgr., Oct. 1945). Kansas Soya 
Products Inc. (The), Kansas City, Kansas (Richard Lord, V .P. 
& Treas., Oct. 1943). North Iowa Cooperative Processing 
Association, Manly, Iowa (Glenn Pogeler, Mgr., Nov. 1944). 
Honeymead plant in Spencer, Iowa, bought Doughboy Mills, 
Inc., New Richmond, Wisconsin (4 Dec. 1945). Washington 
Soy Mill: Name changed by Joe Sinaiko from Honeymead’s 
plant in Washington, Iowa (19 Dec. 1945). Address: 3818 
Board of Trade Building, Chicago 4, Illinois.

=== PAGE 50 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   50
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
114. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  North Iowa Cooperative Processing 
Association.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Manly, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1944 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 
1943. “Soybean mill contracts have been let: Jesse Watson to 
build the scales and ofﬁ ce building. Other ﬁ rms get various 
parts of the work.” Aug. 26. p. 1. Victor Claude of Woolstock 
has been elected secretary in place of Glenn Pogeler, of 
Badger, who resigned. Mr. Pogeler goes to Manly where he 
is to manage the new [soybean processing] plant being built 
there.
Manly Signal (Manly, Iowa). 1944. “Soy bean plant 
open house will be Monday: Plans for soy bean processing 
plant were started in April, 1943.” Sept. 28. p. 1. A photo 
shows the new soy bean plant “now in operation in Manly.” 
To the left is the ofﬁ ce building and to the right are two large 
storage bins, each with a capacity of 14,000 bushels of soy 
beans.
 National Soybean Processors Association. 1944. Year 
book, 1944-1945 (Association year). Chicago, Illinois. 71 p. 
Sept. Handwritten: New members added since publication 
of the Trading Rules Book... North Iowa Cooperative 
Processing Association, Manly, Iowa (Glenn Pogeler, Mgr., 
Nov. 1944).
Soybean Digest. 1949. Sept. p. 112. “Grits and ﬂ akes... 
A story about the North Iowa Co-op Processing Association 
plant at Manly, Iowa, appeared in the Mason City Globe-
Gazette, Mason City, Iowa, recently. There are several 
pictures.”
Soybean Digest. 1950. Jan. p. 46. “Grits and ﬂ akes... 
Charles F. Brooker, Thompson, Iowa, was elected a director 
of the North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association, 
succeeding N.K. Anderson, deceased, at the annual meeting 
of the cooperative in Mason City Dec. 6. Forty-two farmers 
elevators hold membership in the Association, which has 
headquarters at Manly.”
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 1. Farmers Grain 
Dealers Association (Des Moines, Iowa, Soybean Division) 
(Mason City, Iowa, 1943). Footnote: “Located at Manly, 
Iowa, 1943-1951; Moved to Mason City in 1951; merged in 
1967 with Farmers Grain Dealers Association.”
115. Ostrander, W.A. 1944. It’s fun to remember [the birth 
of the American Soybean Assoc.]. Soybean Digest. Sept. p. 
16-17.
• Summary: One of the best early histories of the A.S.A. It 
all began on the Fouts Bros. farms near Camden, Indiana. 
The author, now a farm manager, was formerly a member of 
the Purdue University faculty. He was one of the founding 
spirits of ASA and served as its secretary for the ﬁ rst four 
years. “The American Soybean Association grew out of 
the soybean campaign that was started in 1920 in Indiana 
because we needed a larger acreage of legumes in the 
cornbelt rotation. Clover was failing us possibly because of 
soil acidity, its biennial growth, or things we didn’t know 
anything about. Soybeans looked like an answer.”
 “It was in the fall of 1920 that we in Indiana decided to 
have a sort of statewide get-together to see where we stood 
on the soybean situation, appraise what we had, and outline 
where we were going. We had had county soybean ﬁ eld 
meetings over the entire state and it seemed right that we 
hold a big get-together to ﬁ nish it up. As we worked out the 
plan for this meeting it occurred to us that a good neighbor 
policy would be to invite the growers and experiment station 
men from our surrounding states to join us. Start it off with 
a bang. So out of that which started to be a state meeting 
was a Cornbelt meeting and out of it the American Soybean 
Association. All this on the Fouts Bros. farms near Camden, 
Indiana. Our idea was to take the soybeans to the farmer 
and the farmer to the ﬁ elds of soybeans in his country. 
Conversion on the ground.
 “The response to this meeting was away above what 
A.L. Hodgson, County Agricultural Agent of Carroll County, 
and I had any reason to expect. Illinois, Ohio, Michigan, 
Wisconsin, and Kentucky sent growers, county agents and 
men from the experiment stations. Over a thousand came. 
We fed them well. The start was made.
 “All speeches were limited to three minutes; it shut off 
some of the long-winded folks but it gave all a chance.
 “G.I. Christie reported for Indiana. He said we had 
200,000 acres and thought he had the record stopped and I 
guess it was for the day. No one dared to go higher, but this 
year it is just 10 times that amount, 2 million acres. In those 
days we counted every acre that had a bean on it, in the corn, 
for hay and for seed.
 “W.L. Burlison of Illinois said there were 25,000 acres 
in his state and more in sight. He was right. Last year they 
had 4 million acres.
 “George Briggs was modest in reporting 4,000 acres for 
Wisconsin and he still is modest for they had 115,000 acres 
there last year.
 “Wallace Hanger of Ohio surmised that Ohio had 15,000 
acres and there the acreage is now 1,500,000.
 “Iowa reported 50,000 acres and now has 2,200,000 
acres and still going strong.
 C.R. McGee [Megee] of Michigan said they were just 
getting going with 5,000 acres but they now have 150,000 
acres.”
 “After visiting the soybean ﬁ elds on the three Fouts 
Bros. farms, eating soybeans and talking our heads off and 

=== PAGE 51 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   51
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
making many new friends, it was decided to hold a winter 
meeting at the time of the International Hay & Grain Show 
at Chicago, to keep the iron hot and to carry on. The ﬁ rst 
meeting was held on the bridge connecting the two exhibit 
rooms as we were not considered important or big enough 
to rate a room. Each year our numbers grew until we had to 
have the largest room they had. At these winter meetings we 
hashed over the latest soybean ﬁ ndings, worked on standards 
for the grading of the crop, talked over certiﬁ cation rules and 
always as a ﬁ nal job selected the state in which was to be 
held the summer meeting. Each year it was to be a different 
state.
 “Our ﬁ rst big problems were better varieties, methods or 
harvesting, and the utilization of the crop.
 “Just by a lucky break we brought the Manchu down 
from Michigan and this was our ﬁ rst unintentional success, 
a bean that was a ‘natural’ for the Cornbelt at that time. It 
did well most anywhere for hay or grain and did not shatter 
as did those we had. We were growing largely the old so-
called Hollybrook (the Association changed its name to the 
Midwest) and the Ito San was our early variety. Our big 
headache was the harvesting of the crop... A combine seemed 
to be the answer.
 “Then came the utilization of the crop. Up to 1920 we 
had been using all soybeans produced in the Cornbelt for 
seed, for hay, hogging off and seed again. It was not a grain 
crop yet. We went to the oil extraction companies and they 
said sure we will put in additional machinery to take care 
of them as soon as you have the quantity to make it worth 
while. Back to the farmers we went but they came right back 
and said sure we will put in more acreage and glad to as soon 
as we are certain we can get rid of the crop at a fair price. 
So–there we were. It is too long a tale to tell all that came 
and went until the oil plant at Chicago Heights was taking all 
beans offered. It was the old hydraulic system and it worked 
fairly well. The late Russel East and I got the corn starch 
plant at Edinboro, Indiana, to try some beans through their 
Anderson Expellers. It worked. It wasn’t long then before 
Bloomington, Monticello, and Taylorville, Illinois, had 
plants and that chapter was ended.
 “It had not been hard to sell the idea to our farmers that 
they were wise to grow their own protein feed. That was a 
natural. When we fed the soybeans alone as a supplement the 
oil in the beans gave us soft pork and that was a black eye for 
a few years but now that, too, has been eliminated.
 “Where we fell down the worst, as I see it now, was that 
we did not stress the human food side stronger. We talked 
about it enough but got nowhere. The principal reason, I 
believe, was in our shortsightedness in not dropping the word 
‘bean’ and just using the word ‘soy.’ Let’s give away half of 
the name after we work on the grain and open up the road to 
unlimited food uses of this best of all protein grains raised on 
our farms.
 “Many still with us: One of the ﬁ ne things as we look 
back over the past 25 years is that so many of the boys that 
were with us at that ﬁ rst meeting are still going strong for 
soys. I don’t believe the old mainspring, W.J. Morse of 
the U.S. Department of Agriculture, has missed a single 
meeting, at least not of his own volition. Probably the ones 
we miss most are the two Fouts Bros., Noah and Finis, 
Charles Meharry and Dean J.H. Skinner. They were always 
on hand. You can not meet Burlison, Hackleman or Bill 
Riegel of Illinois without talking soybeans. George Briggs of 
Wisconsin is still his old soybean story self.
 “Helms of Missouri, McGee [Megee] of Michigan, and 
Hanger of Ohio still talk of that ﬁ rst meeting under the trees 
on the Fouts farm. Hughes of Iowa is as strong as ever for 
the beans and Christie, while he has been gone to Canada, 
this some time, can still tell a tall soybean story. Our own 
A.T. Wiancko here in Indiana, who guided us so well from 
behind the scenes, is still the active pusher for soys that he 
always was.
 “We have been making soybean history in the 
Association for the past 25 years. If we can go on as much 
farther in the next 25 years–soybean history will have been 
made.”
 Photos show: (1) “The birthplace of the A.S.A.” The 
three Fouts brothers, Taylor, Finis, and Noah (from left to 
right, each wearing a hat, coat, and tie) standing in front of 
a barn on which is written “Soyland–Taylor Fouts,” at the 
ﬁ rst meeting of the ASA, September 1920. (2) “1,000 at 
ﬁ rst meeting.” The top half of this photo shows hundreds 
of attendees seated on the grass under trees in the yard at 
Soyland listening to a speech. “Attendance was far beyond 
that expected, with representatives from many states.” The 
bottom half shows 25-30 mean and women standing in a 
soybean ﬁ eld at Soyland. Address: Lafayette, Indiana.
116. Globe-Gazette (Mason City, Iowa). 1944. Worth County 
farmer gored and crushed to death: was alone with cattle in 
barn. Courtney Lawyer was active in public life. Oct. 2. p. 
18.
• Summary: Manly–Courtney Lawyer, age 47 “was secretary 
of the Worth County Fair association and president of the 
North Iowa Co-operative Processing association...”
117. Manson Journal (Iowa). 1944. Glenn Pogeler managing 
Manly soy bean plant. Oct. 12. p. 1.
• Summary: “Manson residents should ﬁ nd the following 
article from the Mason City Globe-Gazette of September 6 
particularly interesting inasmuch as Glenn Pogeler, manager 
of the new plant, is the son of Mr. and Mrs. John Pogeler of 
this city. Following his graduation from the local schools, 
he entered the grain ﬁ eld, ﬁ rst managing the elevator at 
Richards and then moving to the Badger Co-operative 
Elevator.”
 “The plant will operate 24 hours daily with three shifts 
seven days a week. The construction program has been under 

=== PAGE 52 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   52
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
the supervision of Engineer M.L. Todd and associates of 
Waterloo.” The plant equipment cost about $110,000.
 The plant’s two silos have a capacity of 28,000 bushels 
of soybeans. There are also 3 large tanks for storage of at 
least 36,000 gallons of the oil.
 “Fourteen men will be employed outside of the of ﬁ ce. 
Manager Pogeler, with Miss Barbara Denninger as secretary, 
expects to handle that end of the work for the present.”
 “The ownership of the plant is in the hands of 25 co-
operative elevators within a radius of 50 miles of Manly,” 
which was chosen because of the “three railroads, the Rock 
Island, M. & St. L., and Great Western. Seven hundred feet 
of track has been laid to the plant.”
 “There are seven other plants in the state located at 
Martelle, Dike, Hubbard, Ralston, West Bend, Sheldon and 
Eagle Grove.
 “Manager Pogeler has had 12 years of experience in 
the grain and elevator business. He is married and has two 
children.” A portrait photo shows Glenn Pogeler. Address: 
Manson, Iowa.
118. Portrait photograph of Glenn Pogeler in Iowa dressed in 
a coat and tie. 1944.
• Summary:  A stamp on the rear of the photo shows that 
it was taken at Russell Studio in Mason City, Iowa; Glenn 
lived at the time in Manly, a small town, about 10 miles from 
Mason City. Manly was so small that there was probably no 
photography studio in town. This same photo appeared on 
12 Oct. 1944 in the Manson Journal. A digital scan of this 
black-and-white photograph was sent to Soyfoods Center on 
16 June 2005 by Allen Pogeler of Encinitas, California.
119. Soybean Digest. 1944. Grits and ﬂ akes from the 
industry: Courtney Lawyer of Iowa killed by bull. Oct. p. 16.
• Summary: “Courtney Lawyer, 42, president of the North 
Iowa Cooperative Processing Co., at Manly, Iowa, was gored 
to death by a bull September 30. The fatal accident occurred 
just before the formal opening of the cooperative’s new 
soybean processing plant.”
120. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmers Union Central Exchange.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Menomonie, Wisconsin.
Date of Introduction:  1944 December.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Digest. 1945. 
Nov. p. 38. “Northwest Cooperative Mills has taken over the 
soybean processing plant at Menomonie, Wisconsin, built 
and operated since last December by the Farmers Union 
Central Exchange. A reinforced concrete storage tank with 
a capacity of 113,00 bushels is being completed. Addition 
of another mechanical screw press will double the handling 
capacity so the plant will be able to handle 400,000 bushels 
of the 1945 soybean crop.”
121. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Alhambra Grain and Feed 
Company.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Alhambra, Illinois.
Date of Introduction:  1944.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, 
Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of cottonseed and soybean 
processing cooperatives.” USDA Farmer Cooperative 
Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 p. July. See p. 10. Table 
5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean processing plants that had 
ceased operations as of 1970.” 7. Alhambra Grain and Feed 
Company. (Alhambra, Illinois, 1944).
122. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Indiana Farm Bureau Cooperative 
Assn. (Indianapolis).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Wabash, Indiana.
Date of Introduction:  1944.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, 
Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of cottonseed and soybean 


=== PAGE 53 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   53
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
processing cooperatives.” USDA Farmer Cooperative 
Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 p. July. See p. 10. 
Table 5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean processing plants that 
had ceased operations as of 1970.” 6. Indiana Farm Bureau 
Cooperative Assn. (Indianapolis) (Wabash, Indiana, 1944).
123. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Indiana Farm Bureau Cooperative 
Assn. (Indianapolis).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Vincennes, Indiana.
Date of Introduction:  1944.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, 
Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of cottonseed and soybean 
processing cooperatives.” USDA Farmer Cooperative 
Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 p. July. See p. 10. 
Table 5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean processing plants that 
had ceased operations as of 1970.” 6. Indiana Farm Bureau 
Cooperative Assn. (Indianapolis) (Vincennes, Indiana, 1944).
124. Markley, Klare S.; Goss, Warren H. 1944. Development 
of the soybean processing industry (Document part). In: 
K.S. Markley & W.H. Goss. 1944. Soybean Chemistry and 
Technology. Brooklyn, New York: Chemical Publishing Co. 
vii + 261 p. See p. 137-43. [190 ref]
• Summary: “The ﬁ rst soybean crushing in the United States, 
for which records are available (Footnote: L.W. Eilertsen, 
personal communication) however, appears to have been 
on Manchurian beans in about 1911. The soybeans were 
imported by the Albers Brothers Milling Company and sold 
to a Mr. Herman Meyer who operated a small hydraulic 
press oil mill in Seattle, Washington. The establishment 
was later known as Paciﬁ c Oil Mills, but it is no longer in 
existence. The meal, produced in these operations, was sold 
as a feed ingredient under the name of ‘Proteina.’ It was 
found, however, that the oil and meal could be imported 
more cheaply than they could be domestically produced from 
imported raw materials, and the crushing operations were, 
therefore, discontinued after the initial shipment of beans had 
been processed.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (June 2018) 
that mentions Albers Brothers Milling Company, and states 
that they imported the ﬁ rst soybeans crushed in America–by 
Herman Meyer.
 “The earliest recorded crushing of American-grown 
soybeans took place at the cottonseed oil mill of the 
Elizabeth City Oil and Fertilizer Company in Elizabeth City, 
North Carolina. This mill was later operated by the Eastern 
Cotton Oil Company, but its operations were discontinued 
in the early 1930s. The ﬁ rst soybean crush was largely a 
test run, extending from December 13 to 20, 1915. During 
that time, 10,000 bushels of local soybeans were pressed 
in the six expellers with which the mill was equipped, and 
the resulting meal was reported to be of excellent quality, 
containing 5.0 to 5.5% oil. The test was conducted by Mr. 
W.T. Culpeper [sic, Culpepper], manager of the ﬁ rm, as 
part of his activities toward encouraging local soybean 
production. The experiment was so successful that the 
company continued to process local soybeans, as supplies 
became available, and they reportedly offered production 
contracts with the growers in advance in order to induce 
farmers to grow more of this crop. In spite of their efforts 
to develop the production of soybeans sufﬁ ciently to assure 
regular operations, difﬁ culties were encountered, from time 
to time, in obtaining enough beans to warrant crushing them. 
In 1916, for example, it is said that German interests bought 
and exported the entire available supply, at prices as high as 
$4.50 per bushel.
 “In late 1917 or early 1918, the Chicago Heights Oil 
Manufacturing Company (Footnote: *”E.J. Dies, Gold 
From the Soil, The Macmillan Co., New York, 1942”) 
experimentally processed a small amount of soybeans in 
expellers which were originally designed for crushing corn 
germs. During 1918, this company is said to have added two 
expellers speciﬁ cally for crushing soybeans. These expellers 
had a combined capacity of 600 bushels per day and were 
used intermittently during the ensuing years as supplies 
of beans became available. In the fall of 1922, the same 
company is said to have experimented with hydraulic press 
equipment which had been used for producing linseed oil. 
The Chicago Heights Oil Manufacturing company continued 
its pioneering efforts toward the establishment of a soybean 
industry in the present ‘soybean belt’ until August 1923, 
when it went out of business. The equipment was purchased 
by Funk Brothers Seed Company of Bloomington, Illinois, 
during the following year, and the latter company has been 
continuously engaged in the soybean processing business.
 “On September 30, 1922, the A.E. Staley Manufacturing 
Company of Decatur, Illinois, commenced operations in 
a mill which was equipped with expellers designed for 
crushing soybeans. This company has been in the soybean 
processing business continuously since that date. The Staley 
development was soon followed by others of a similar 
nature, and the early twenties saw the establishment of a 
permanent soybean processing industry.
 “Not all the earlier ventures proved successful. For 
example, the Piatt County Soybean Cooperative Company 
(sometimes referred to as the Monticello Grain Company) 
was organized in 1922 in Monticello, Illinois, and installed 
batch solvent extraction equipment for processing 300 
bushels of soybeans per day. The solvent is said to have been 
benzol. This ill-fated undertaking was apparently unable to 
cope with the scarcity of beans and was in operation for only 
about six months during the period 1923 to 1924.
 “Another early attempt, at solvent extraction of 
soybeans, was undertaken during the years of 1924 and 1925 
by the Eastern Cotton Oil Company of Norfolk, Virginia. A 

=== PAGE 54 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   54
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Bollmann type of continuous extractor, having a capacity 
of approximately 80 tons per day, was used on soybeans 
obtained from North Carolina, but the supply proved to be 
inadequate. Difﬁ culty was also encountered in adapting 
the German-manufactured equipment to the processing of 
American-grown soybeans. After exhausting the available 
stocks of soybeans, the mill’s operations were transferred to 
the extraction of Argentine ﬂ axseed, but this was said to have 
been found unproﬁ table.
 “At about the same time, soybeans were solvent-
extracted by the Prossco Oil Company, also in Norfolk, 
using Scott rotary extractors. Their operations, however, 
consisted mainly in the extraction of cocoa butter and other 
fats, and only a small amount of soybeans is said to have 
been processed. Others, who engaged in soybean processing 
during the early twenties, include the Seeds Oil Company 
in Indianapolis [Indiana] and the Jonathan Havens Oil 
Company at Washington, North Carolina.” Address: 1. 
Principal Chemist, Southern Regional Research Lab., New 
Orleans, Louisiana; Northern Regional Research Lab.; 2. 
Senior Chemical Engineer, Northern Regional Research 
Lab., Peoria, Illinois.
125. Markley, Klare S.; Goss, Warren H. 1944. Soybean 
chemistry and technology (Continued–Document part II). 
Brooklyn, New York: Chemical Publishing Co. vii + 261 
p. Foreword by Edward Jerome Dies, President, Soybean 
Nutritional Research Council. [684 ref]
• Summary: (Continued): Page 207-216: Table 20: Soybean 
processing [crushing] mills in the United States. These 
mills are divided into 3 types: (1) Mills specializing in 
soybeans (p. 207-10; 73 such mills). (2) Soybean mills 
under construction or contemplated (p. 210-11; 39 such 
mills). (3) Temporary and part time soybean mills (p. 211-
16; 222 such mills). Solvent extraction plants in group 1 are 
designated with an asterisk (*). These mills are organized 
in a 3-column table: alphabetically by state, and with each 
state alphabetically by city, and with each city, alphabetically 
by company name. Here we will list only type 1, “Mills 
specializing in soybeans.”
 “Arkansas: West Memphis: Arkansas Mills, Inc. (S). 
Wilson: Wilson Seed and Feed Company (S).
 “California: Oakland: Albers Brothers Milling Company 
(S).
 “Illinois: Bloomington: Funk Brothers Seed Company 
(M). Cairo: Swift and Company (M). Champaign: Swift and 
Company (L) Chicago: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
(M)* Chicago: The Glidden Company (L)*. Chicago: Norris 
Grain Company (S). Chicago: Spencer Kellogg and Sons (L). 
Decatur: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (L)*. Decatur: 
Decatur Soy Products Company (M). Decatur: Spencer 
Kellogg and Sons (L). Decatur: A.E. Staley Manufacturing 
Company (L). Galesburg: Galesburg Soya Products 
Company (M). Gibson City: Central Soya Company, Inc. 
(L). Monmouth: Ralph Wells and Company (S). Peoria: 
Allied Mills, Inc. (L). Quincy: Quincy Soybean Products 
Company (M). Springﬁ eld: Illinois Soy Products Company 
(M). Taylorville: Allied Mills, Inc. (M).
 “Indiana: Decatur: Central Soya Company, Inc. (L)*. 
Indianapolis: Evans Milling Company (M). Lafayette: 
Ralston Purina Company (M). Marion: Hoosier Soybean 
Mills, Inc. (M). Mellott: Knowles and Sons, Processors (S). 
Windfall: Elevators and Mills, Inc. (S).
 “Iowa: Cedar Rapids: Honeymead Products Company 
(M)*. Cedar Rapids: Iowa Milling Company (M). 
Centerville: Standard Soybean Mills (M). Clinton: Clinton 
Company (M)*. Des Moines: Spencer Kellogg and Sons 
(M). Des Moines: Swift and Company (M). Fayette: Wilbur 
Bell, Inc. (S). Fort Dodge: Plymouth Processing Mills (M). 
Gladbrook: Central Iowa Soybean Mill (S). Iowa Falls: 
Ralston Purina Company (M). Quimby: Simonsen Soybean 
Mill (M). Sioux City: Sioux Soya Company (S). Waterloo: 
Soy Bean Processing Company (M).
 Kansas: Emporia: Kansas Soy Bean Mills, Inc. (M).
 “Kentucky: Henderson: Ohio Valley Soy Bean 
Cooperative Association (M). Louisville: Buckeye Cotton 
Oil Company (L)*. Owensboro: Owensboro Grain Company 
(S).
 “Michigan: Dearborn: Ford Motor Company (M)*. 
Milan: Ford Motor Company (S)*. Saline: Ford Motor 
Company (S)*.
 Minnesota: Mankato: Mankato Soya Products Company 
(S). Minneapolis: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (S).
 “Missouri: Galesburg: Spring River Mill (S). St. Joseph: 
Dannen Mills (M). St. Louis: Ralston Purina Company (M). 
Fremont: Pete Marr Soybean Processing Company (S). 
Omaha: Allied Mills, Inc. (M).
 “New York: Buffalo: Spencer Kellogg and Sons (M). 
Oswego: Oswego Soybean Products Corporation (M).
 “Ohio: Cincinnati: Drackett Company (M)*. Circleville: 
John W. Eshelman and Sons (M). Circleville: Ralston 
Purina Company (M). Fostoria: Swift and Company (M). 
Lexington: Berea Milling Company (M). Marion: Old Fort 
Mills, Inc. (M). New Washington: Ohio Soya Company 
(S). Painesville: A.E. Staley Manufacturing Company (L). 
Toledo: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (L). Toledo: 
Toledo Soybean Products Company (M). Wooster: Soya 
Processing Company (M).
 “Pennsylvania: Jersey Shore: Pennsylvania Soy Bean 
Cooperative Association (S).
 Tennessee: Memphis: Buckeye Cotton Oil Company 
(M).
 Virginia: Norfolk: Davis Milling Company (S). 
Portsmouth: Allied Mills, Inc. (M). Portsmouth: I.F. Laucks, 
Inc. (S).
 “Wisconsin: Milwaukee: Archer-Daniels-Midland 
Company (M).” Address: 1. Principal Chemist, Southern 
Regional Research Lab., New Orleans; Northern Regional 

=== PAGE 55 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   55
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Research Lab.; 2. Senior Chemical Engineer, Northern 
Regional Research Lab., Peoria, Illinois.
126. North-Iowa Co-operative Processing Association. 1945. 
The use of Felco soy bean oil meal as a protein supplement 
pays excellent dividends (Ad). Globe-Gazette (Mason City, 
Iowa). Jan. 9. p. 17.
• Summary:  “The highly concentrated and nutritious 
product... with a sweet, nutty ﬂ avor... that is relished by all 
kinds of livestock... obtainable at any of the dealers listed 
here.
 “Scienti ﬁ c modern experiments prove that soybean 
oilmeal compares very favorably with any other oilmeal.”
 Most of the dealers are co-ops.
 A large photo shows a bag for Felco Soy Bean Oil Meal. 
On the front is the guaranteed analysis:
 “Protein 41.000% minimum.
 “Fat 3.5% minimum.
 “Fiber 7.00% minimum.
 “N.F.E. [Nitrogen Free Extract] 28.00% minimum.”
127. Burlison, W.L. 1945. Some observations on the 
development of soybeans in Illinois. Soybean Digest. Jan. p. 
13-14.
• Summary: “Soybeans were being studied at the Univ. 
of Illinois Agricultural Experiment Station before the 
turn of the 20th century. In April, 1896, Dr. C.G. Hopkins 
wrote a bulletin entitled ‘Composition and Digestibility 
of Corn Ensilage, Cowpea Ensilage, Soja Bean Ensilage 
and Corn Fodder.’ This was Bulletin 43 and was the ﬁ rst 
ofﬁ cial publication distributed by the Illinois Agricultural 
Experiment Station in which soybeans were discussed. In 
1897 the University of Illinois issued a circular entitled “The 
cowpea and the Soybean.”
 Not much on soybeans was published for the next 20 
years, yet research on both cowpeas and soybeans continued, 
with the emphasis gradually shifting to soybeans. As early 
as 1903 six soybean varieties were planted in trial plots. 
Today, soybean yield is practically double what it was in the 
early years in Illinois. Dr. C.M. Woodworth selected Illini 
as a promising variety as early as 1923. Researchers have 
also worked toward the improvement of cultural practices, 
including thorough inoculation, which is essential. “It not 
only contributes to improved subsequent crop yields, but 
immediate beneﬁ t is obtained in the form of increased yield 
of beans. Furthermore, the bean crop itself contains a higher 
percentage of protein than the uninoculated crop.
 Machinery: “The mechanics of planting soybeans has 
never been a very serious problem. The wheat drill and the 
corn planter have both been used effectively. The University 
of Illinois agricultural engineers are now working with a 
farm implement company on the development of a tractor 
drawn combination seeder and cultivator, a one man outﬁ t” 
[a combine].
 “We at Illinois have been particularly interested in 
the development of edible soybeans, that is, soybeans 
particularly adapted for use as human food in the green 
state.” Dr. Sibyl Woodruff did important early work on the 
“development of so-called edible soybeans.” Tests on 466 
varieties were tested and 6 were found to be of special merit.
 The soybean appears to have a bright future. “In 1925 
the United States produced 4,875,000 bushels of soybeans as 
compared to the world’s production of 179 million bushels or 
about 2.7% of the world’s production. Fifteen years later the 
U.S. production was 87,409,000 bushels as compared to the 
world’s production of 285,000,000 or 30.7% of the world’s 
production for 1939.”
 Photos show: (1) W.L. Burlison. (2) The Boone Valley 
Co-op Processing Association facility at Eagle Grove, Iowa.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (June 2005) 


=== PAGE 56 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   56
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
showing a soybean processing plant at Eagle Grove, Iowa. 
Address: Head, Dep. of Agronomy, Univ. of Illinois.
128. Soybean Digest. 1945. Boone Valley Co-op plant (Photo 
caption). Jan. p. 14.
• Summary: This photo shows a ground-level view of the 
Boone Valley Co-op Processing Association’s new plant at 
Eagle Grove, Iowa.
129. Globe-Gazette (Mason City, Iowa). 1945. Soybeans 
move from elevator: crops stored in bins ready for 
processing. Feb. 14. p. 15.
• Summary: “Hanlontown–”... bushels of soybeans that have 
been stored in the government bins along the railroad right of 
way here.
 “The North Iowa Co-operative processing plant at 
Manly has purchased 25,000 bushels of the beans and 
delivery was started Tuesday.
 “The remainder will be shipped to the order of the 
Commodity Credit corporation and it is understood that the 
majority of the beans will be exported. Some of the beans 
have been in storage here for 2 years while the bulk is from 
the 1944 crop.”
130. Schiffman, Edward G. 1945. Cooperative soybean 
processing mills. Soybean Digest. Feb. p. 12-13.
• Summary: “Farmers’ cooperative associations, long 
well established in processing many farm products, have 
only recently entered the soybean processing ﬁ eld, the 
ﬁ rst cooperative mill having been organized at Henderson, 
Kentucky, in 1940. [Note: It began operation on 18 June 
1941]. Since this date, there has been a rapid expansion and 
on December 1, 1944, 14 cooperative mills were in operation 
and 6 were under construction.
 “Of the 20 mills in operation or under construction, 
18 use screw press equipment, one uses both solvent and 
screw press equipment, and one uses solvent equipment 
only. The capacity of these mills varies from 10 to 75 tons 
per day. The mills in operation on December 1 had an 
estimated annual capacity, based on 346 days of operations, 
of 5,640,000 bushels, which, with 2,216,000 bushels of 
capacity now under construction, will bring the total capacity 
of cooperative soybean mills to 7,856,000 bushels. This 
represents approximately 4.6 percent of the annual capacity 
of 172 million bushels of all soybean mills.
 “As to organization, cooperative soybean mills are 
of four general types: (1) those owned and operated as an 
integral part of a local cooperative elevator; (2) local mills 
owned and operated independently of any other cooperative 
activity; (3) mills owned and operated by a federation of 
cooperative elevators; and (4) those owned and operated by 
and for a cooperative located outside the territory in which 
the mill secures its beans...
 “The recent rapid expansion of farmers cooperative 
soybean oil mills can be chieﬂ y attributed to the inability of 
farmers to obtain soybean meal other than in mixed feeds.” 
Address: Senior Agricultural Economist, Farm Credit 
Administration.
131. Schiffman, Edward G. 1945. Co-op soybean mills–
present and future. News for Farmer Cooperatives (U.S. 
Farm Credit Administration) 11(11):4, 14. Feb. *
• Summary: This article was also published in Farmer’s 
Elevator Guide. 40(2):7-8. Feb. 1945.
132. Schiffman, Edward G. 1945. Co-op soybean mills–
present and future. Farmers’ Elevator Guide. 40(2):7-8. Feb. 
*
133. Soybean Digest. 1945. A cooperative mill roundtable. 
Feb. p. 13.
• Summary: “The managers of Iowa’s seven soybean 
cooperatives take part in a panel discussion at the Farmers 
Grain Dealers Association of Iowa convention at Des Moines 
January 18.” A large photo shows 6 of the panelists seated 
at a table. Standing at the lectern and microphone is M.M. 
Stientjes, manager of the Big 4 Cooperative Processing 
Association at Sheldon. Behind him on the wall is a map of 
the United States and many ﬂ ags. The map’s title appears to 
be “W.D.I.’s Market News Service brings you market reports 
from USDA–W.F.A. Ofﬁ ce of Marketing Services.”
 The other panelists are: (1) Clifford Gregory, Farmers 
Cooperative Co., Dike, Iowa. (2) Glenn Pogeler, North Iowa 
Cooperative Processing Association, Manly. (3) Karl Nolin, 
Farmers Cooperative Association, Ralston. (4) R.W. Jurgens, 
West Bend Elevator Co., West Bend. (5) Edward Olson, 
Boone Valley Cooperative Association, Eagle Grove. (6) 
C.K. Gordon, Farmers Cooperative Elevator, Martelle.
 Stientjes told his audience, more than 500 cooperative 
grain dealers, that the co-op soybean processing plants 
“came in as an emergency proposition to help out with war 
production. He admitted that the group may have to scrap 
their equipment after the war in favor of more efﬁ cient 
outﬁ ts. ‘We rode in on this war and we may ride out with 
this war. If we can’t meet competition we will go by the 
wayside.’” Stientjes said he hoped the co-ops would be in a 
ﬁ nancial position to make the changeover without loss.
 The co-ops plan to obtain the soybeans they process 
from members, and to market the oil meal through member 
organizations. Presently, only about 15-30% of U.S. soybean 
production passes through elevators owned by farmers or 
cooperatives.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (June 2005) 
that mentions Glenn Pogeler or the North Iowa Cooperative 
Processing Association.
134. Globe-Gazette (Mason City, Iowa). 1945. Co-op meets. 
March 6. p. 10.

=== PAGE 57 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   57
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
• Summary: “Dougherty–The annual meeting of the Farmers 
Incorporated Co-Operated society will be held Saturday at 
the Dougherty opera house. Free lunch at 12 noon. Glenn 
Pogeler of the North Iowa Co-op Processing Association will 
talk about soybean processing.”
135. Schiffman, Edward G. 1945. Cooperative soybean mills 
need to plan now for the future. Washington, DC: USDA 
Farm Credit Administration, Cooperative Research and 
Service Div. 9 p. March 1.
• Summary: Contents: Introduction. Form of organization: 
Four general groups. Equipment used. Present equipment 
will be obsolete. Factors affecting operations: Size of plant. 
Capacity operations. Handling charges. Diversiﬁ cation of 
activities. Labor cost and utilization. Oil yields. Moisture 
content of meal. Cost of plant. Distribution of savings 
(patronage dividends). Summary.
 “The purpose of this report is to discuss the present 
status of cooperative soybean oil mills, some of the factors 
which should be considered in organizing and operating such 
a mill, and the nature of the problems these mills are likely to 
be confronted with in the future.
 “The experience of cooperatives in operating soybean 
oil mills is rather limited. The ﬁ rst such mill was organized 
in Henderson, Kentucky, in 1940. Rapid expansion took 
place [during World War II] and on January 1, 1945, 20 
such mills were either in operation or under construction by 
cooperatives. Much of this expansion was the direct result 
of farmers’ inability to purchase protein feed concentrates. 
To alleviate this shortage, farmers in many areas acquired 
their own mills on a cooperative basis to process their own 
beans.” Relatively little consideration seems to have been 
given to the ﬁ nancial outcome of these mills or to various 
organizational and operating problems. “The large net 
savings resulting from present wide processing margins 
guaranteed by the Federal Government, cannot be expected 
to continue beyond the present war emergency period.”
 “Cooperative soybean mills can be roughly classi ﬁ ed 
into four general types as to their form of organization. 
These are: (1) those owned and operated as an integral part 
of a local cooperative elevator; (2) local mills owned and 
operated independently of any other cooperative activity; 
(3) mills owned and operated by a federation of cooperative 
elevators; and (4) those owned and operated by and for a 
cooperative located outside the territory from which the mill 
obtains its beans. Method of organization in itself may not 
be important but it is important that the type of organization 
be suited to the size and type of plant needed, available 
capital, available supplies of beans, sales outlets for meal, 
methods of distributing patronage dividends, location, transit 
privileges, and other related matters.”
 Of the 20 cooperative soybean oil mills in operation 
or under construction as of January 1, 1945, 18 use screw 
press or expeller equipment, 1 uses both screw press and 
solvent extraction equipment, and 1 uses solvent equipment 
only. Address: Senior Agricultural Economist, Cooperative 
Research and Service Div.
136. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmers Union Jobbing 
Association.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Girard, Kansas.
Date of Introduction:  1945 April.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Kansas Business Magazine. 
1945. June. p. 10. A table shows: Farmers Union Jobbing 
Assn. (a cooperative), of Girard, started operation in April 
1945. They now have 1 expeller with an estimated capacity 
of 600 bushels. A photo (p. 9) shows the soybean mills.
Soybean Digest. 1948. Dec. p. 32. “A new cooperative, 
Production [Producers] Cooperative Association, with 
headquarters at Girard, Kansas, has taken over the soybean 
processing plant of the Farmers Union Jobbing Association 
in that city. The transaction also included grain elevators at 
Girard, Farlington and Buelah.”
 Note: The Producers Cooperative Association started 
operation in Girard, Kansas, in April 1948.
137. North-Iowa Co-operative Processing Association. 1945. 
Soy bean oil meal can be used to advantage in your poultry 
rations (Ad). Globe-Gazette (Mason City, Iowa). Jan. 9. p. 
17.
• Summary: “As a valuable nitrogenous food... Felco Soy 
Bean Oil Meal... supplemented with a suitable mineral 
mixture... which increases the feeding value,,, is an excellent 
feed for growth and egg production.
 “Feeding tests show Soy Bean Oil Meal to have a very 
high feeding value.”
 A list of dealers that carry the product is given; most of 
the dealers are co-ops.
 A large photo shows a bag for Felco Soy Bean Oil Meal. 
On the front is the guaranteed analysis:
 “Protein 41.000% minimum.
 “Fat 3.5% minimum.
 “Fiber 7.00% minimum.
 “N.F.E. [Nitrogen Free Extract] 28.00% minimum.”
138. Soybean Digest. 1945. Illinois cooperative soybean 
mill. May. p. 14.
• Summary: “The ﬁ rst cooperative soybean processing unit 
in Illinois, the Alhambra Grain & Feed Co., Madison County, 
Illinois, began full production March 1.
 Note: Alhambra, Illinois is located in southwest Illinois.
 “The mill is housed in a building 36 feet by 48 feet with 
a height of 22 feet. The building is of concrete and concrete 
block construction. All processing equipment is housed in 
this building.

=== PAGE 58 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   58
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “Storage space for soybean meal is provided in a two-
story building 24 feet by 60 feet. Part of the structure is over 
the manager’s ofﬁ ce.
 “The soybean plant is located close to the parent 
elevator and beans are carried by gravity from the elevator to 
the mill.
 “A good demand for soybean meal exists in the dairy 
section around Alhambra, but some of the meal will be 
shipped out. Oil is stored in outside rail tank cars.
 “Directors of the cooperative are: William Dietz, A.J. 
Wetzel, W.J. Danderman, C. Wisnasky, C. Uhe, E.A. Klaus 
and E.H. Isenberg.
 A photo shows the outside of the mill, with a grain 
elevator and the rail tank used to store oil.
 Note: Alhambra Grain & Feed Co. is also listed in the 
Yearbook and Directory of Farm Cooperatives (1951, p. 
D-85). and in the Farmers’ Elevator Guide (1965).
139. Kansas Business Magazine. 1945. Soybean processing. 
June. p. 8-10, 22-23.
• Summary: This excellent article lists 8 Kansas soybean 
processing plants and the annual soybean acreage in the state 
for the past 6 years. It contains much interesting information 
about Kansas soybean history since 1939.
 Photos (p. 8) show: (1) Soybean ﬁ  eld of Harry Paris 
in Ottawa County, Kansas, planted June 15; photo taken 
Aug. 15. (2) Storage bins and elevator at a Kansas soybean 
mill. 3. Soybean oil storage tanks. (3) Soybean oil storage 
tanks. (4) Soybean cake coming from an oil expeller after 
the oil is extracted. (5) Bins (house shaped) for soybean 
storage (140,000 bu capacity). (6) Main barrel of oil expeller 
showing oil emerging from slits in the sides. (7) Cascade of 
soybeans from car to storage. (8) Filter press to clarify crude 
soybean oil.
 Photos (p. 9) show: (1) Kansas Soybean Mills, Inc., 
Emporia, Kansas. (2) Kansas Soya Products Inc., Kansas 
City, Kansas. (3) Soy-Rich Products Inc., Wichita, Kansas. 
(4) Farmers Union plant, Girard (cooperative).
 Tables show: (1) Soybeans harvested for beans in 
Kansas (Source: Federal-state agricultural statistician): 
Acreage increased from 8,000 acres in 1939 to 24,000 in 
1940, to 47,000 in 1941, to 212,000 in 1942, to a local peak 
of 244,000 in 1943. Corresponding production and yield 
ﬁ gures are also given.
 (2) Kansas Soybean Processing Plants: Kansas 
Soybean Mills, Inc., of Emporia (Ted W. Lord, president), 
began operation in Nov. 1941–the ﬁ rst soybean processor 
in Kansas. They now have 3 expellers with an estimated 
capacity of 1,600 bushels/day. Kansas Soya Products, 
Inc., Kansas City, Kansas (Ted W. Lord, president), began 
operation in March 1944. They now have 3 expellers with 
an estimated capacity of 2,700 bushels. Forbes Bros. in 
Topeka has 1 expeller with 400 bushels capacity; temporarily 
operating on corn; no starting date is given. J.J. Thompson 
[sic, Thomson] & Son, of Hiawatha, began operation in April 
1944. They have 1 solvent plant with an estimated capacity 
of 900 bushels. Soy-Rich Products, Inc., of Wichita, began 
operation in Feb. 1944. They now have 3 expellers with an 
estimated capacity of 2,350 bushels. Farmers Union Jobbing 
Assn. (a cooperative), of Girard, started operation in April 
1945. They now have 1 expeller with an estimated capacity 
of 600 bushels. Consumers Cooperative Soybean Co., of 
Coffeyville, Kansas, expect to start operation in June 1945. 
They now have 2 expellers with an estimated capacity of 
1,800 bushels. Archer Daniels Midland Co., of Fredonia, 
has been in operation since Feb. 1945. They use a hydraulic 
press for processing mostly linseed, but also some soybeans. 
The present plant capacity in 4,200 bushels/day. The number 
“3,000” is included in the table in the wrong column in a 
confusing way. It might refer to soybean processing capacity.
 A chart titled “Uses of the soybean” shows the many 
different ways in which soybeans can be used.
 Gives a brief history of the Lord family in Kansas, and 
the pioneering work of three generations (C.W. Lord, T.B. 
Lord, and Ted W. Lord) with grains and soybeans. “The Lord 
boys had incorporated their business in October 1940 with 
Ted W. Lord as president, Philip R. Lord as vice-president 
and secretary, and Richard W. Lord, now in the Army, as 
vice-president and treasurer.” They started operating Kansas 
Soybean Mills, Inc. in Emporia in Nov. 1941 with only 
one expeller that handled 400 bushels/day. Two more units 
were added to the plant there in 1942, bringing the capacity 
to 1,600 bushels/day by the summer of that year. “Later 
additional grain storage tanks were added.”
 With the successful operation of the Emporia plant 
as a background, the Lord brothers purchased an old mill, 
including large bins and a large building in Kansas City, 
Kansas, operating ﬁ rst with two units and then installing 
a third in March 1944, bringing it to 2,700 bushels daily 
capacity. The Emporia mill also makes its own brand of 
feeds for beef and dairy cattle, hogs, sheep and poultry. Mr. 
Lord sees a bright future for his soybean products after the 
war; he plans to reach new markets and anticipates “a big 
demand from export areas.” One big problem is jackrabbits, 
which jump fences to eat the tender, ﬂ avorful beans. Soybean 
production is expected to “grow as means of combatting 
rabbits is found...” Note: This March 1944 date is given in 
the table as the date the company began operation; one must 
be mistaken.
 “The increase in the demand for soybean oil has 
accompanied the decreased output in cotton oil. Many 
makers of margarine and shortening are today utilizing 
soybean oil instead of cotton oil or peanut oil.
 Most soybean processing plants are in the eastern half of 
Kansas since most of the soybeans are produced east of the 
Flint Hills. In 1944, counties with the largest production are: 
Cherokee–277,920 bushels, 23,160 acres; Anderson–220,480 
bushels, 13,780 acres; Franklin–216,770 bushels, 12,980 

=== PAGE 59 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   59
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
acres.
140. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Consumers Cooperative 
Association (Kansas City, Missouri).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Coffeyville, Kansas.
Date of Introduction:  1945 July.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Digest. 1944. 
April. p. 22. “$6,000 mill to process soybeans and ﬂ ax 
will be erected by Consumers Cooperative Association at 
Coffeyville, Kansas.”
Soybean Digest. 1944. Nov. p. 19. “The ﬁ rst of several 
contracts in connection with the construction of the soybean 
mill of Consumers Cooperative Association at Coffeyville, 
Kansas, has been awarded to the Dalton Construction 
Company, Joplin, it has been announced by E. L. McIntosh, 
manager of the new plant.” “The total cost of the soybean 
plant will be about $150,000, McIntosh declared.”
Kansas Business Magazine. 1945. June. p. 10. A table 
shows: Consumers Cooperative Soybean Co., of Coffeyville, 
expect to start operation in June 1945. They now have 
2 expellers with an estimated capacity of 1,800 bushels. 
Soybean Digest. 1945. “Coffeyville, Kansas, plant in 
operation.” Aug. p. 27. The plant went into operation on July 
1.
Soybean Digest. 1947. Jan. “Consumer Cooperative 
Association’s processing plant at Coffeyville, Kansas...” Jan. 
p. 30 “... processed one-half million bushels of soybeans 
during its ﬁ rst year’s operation, the company reports.” Note: 
In Oct. 1945 Cargill purchased the Nutrena Mills feed mill in 
Coffeyville, Kansas.
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 
p. July. See p. 10. Table 5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing plants that had ceased operations as of 1970.” 8. 
Consumers Cooperative Association (Kansas City, Missouri) 
(Coffeyville, Kansas, 1945).
 Fite, Gilbert C. 1978. Beyond the fence rows: A history 
of Farmland Industries, Inc., 1929-1978. Columbia, Missouri 
and London, England: University of Missouri Press. xxii + 
404 p. In 1944 CCA began construction of a soybean mill 
near its reﬁ nery at Coffeyville, Kansas. This mill began 
operation on 3 July 1945 (p. 189).
 Letter from Linda McFall of Coffeyville Public Library. 
CCA’s 16th Annual Report, presented at its Sept. 1944 
annual meeting, mentioned construction of the soybean mill 
(p. 20). CCA’s 17th Annual Report, presented at its Sept. 
1945 annual meeting, mentioned completion and start-up 
(p. 16). CCA’s mills, including Coffeyville, were operated 
under the heading of Cooperative Soy Processing Inc. The 
Coffeyville soybean mill was unproﬁ table and was closed in 
about 1970.
141. Soybean Digest. 1945. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: Soybean plant in Mexico, Missouri. July. p. 22.
• Summary: “Excavation has started for the construction of 
a soybean plant and elevator in Mexico, Missouri, for the 
Missouri Farmers Association, with priorities having been 
granted by the WPB [War Production Board]. The soybean 
plant will crush about 500,000 bushels annually, and the 
storage will hold about 275,000 bushels. The plant... replaces 
the mill owned by MFA, but never placed in operation, 
which burned more than a year ago.”
142. Soybean Digest. 1945. Coffeyville, Kansas, plant in 
operation (Photo caption). Aug. p. 27.
• Summary: This 1/3 page photo (from the Cooperative 
Consumer) shows the soybean processing plant of the 
Consumer Cooperative Association (Coffeyville, Kansas) 
went into operation on July 1. “It was built adjacent to 
the reﬁ ning properties of C.C.A. Manager E.L. McIntosh 
estimates capacity at 2,200 gallons of oil and 45 tons of oil 
meal daily.”
143. Mason City Globe Gazette (Iowa). 1945. Soy bean plant 
sales hit million ﬁ rst year: Ships meal, oil to many states. 
Over $35,800 paid in patronage dividends. Sept. 29?
• Summary: “Manly–The soybean processing plant at Manly 
ended its ﬁ rst year of operation with gross sales amounting 
to $1,090,425.23. The net savings [proﬁ t] was $43,533.16 of 
which $35,857.63 was allocated to patronage dividends, the 
balance legal reserve.
 “The plant began operation Sept. 18, 1944, and 
processed 471,875 bushels of soybeans, equivalent to 315 
carloads.” The amount of soybean meal and oil produced 
during the 1st year, and the states to which each was shipped 
is given. “Twenty carloads of coal were used to produce 
steam to dry the beans.
 “Glenn Pogeler was re-elected manager of the plant at 
the annual meeting of the North Iowa Processing association 
in Manly. The association has 28 member companies. More 
than 125 persons attended the annual meeting.” All ofﬁ cers 
were re-elected as follows: “Earl M. Dean, Mason City, 
president; M.G. Fabromus, Osage, vice president; Earl 
Dickenson, Manly, secretary-treasurer.” Names of other 
members of the executive committee are given. “Harold 
Tietjens is mill foreman and Miss Barbara Deninger ofﬁ ce 
secretary. A work force of 16 persons is on the payroll.”
144. Globe-Gazette (Mason City
, Iowa). 1945. Manly 
soybean plant sales hit million ﬁ rst year: ships meal, oil to 
many states. Over $35,800 paid in patronage dividends. Oct. 
9. p. 6.
• Summary: “Manly–The soybean processing plant at Manly 
ended its ﬁ rst year of operation with gross sales amounting 

=== PAGE 60 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   60
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
to $1,090,425.23. The net savings was $43,533.16 of which 
$35,857.63 was allocated patronage dividends, the balance 
legal reserve.
 “The plant began operation Sept. 18, 1944, and 
processed 471,875 bushels of soybeans, equivalent to 315 
carloads.
 “Soybean meal processing during the year amounted 
12,272 tons, equivalent to 409 30-ton cars. Oil processed 
amounted to 3,788,722 pounds, or 63 carloads.
 “Meal was shipped to Wisconsin, Oregon, Kansas, 
Missouri, Washington, Minnesota, South Dakota, Nebraska, 
Michigan, California and Iowa. Oil was shipped to 
California, Texas, Louisiana, Illinois and New York.
 “Twenty carloads of coal were used to produce steam to 
dry the beans.
 “Glenn Pogeler was re-elected manager of the plant at 
the annual meeting of the North Iowa Processing association 
in Manly. The association has 28 member companies. More 
than 125 persons attended the annual meeting. All ofﬁ cers 
were re-elected as follows:...”
 A portrait photo shows Glenn Pogeler.
145. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Northwest Cooperative Mills (St. 
Paul, Minnesota).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Menomonie [Menominie], 
Wisconsin.
Date of Introduction:  1945 October.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Digest. 1945. 
Nov. p. 38. “Northwest Cooperative Mills has taken over the 
soybean processing plant at Menomonie, Wisconsin, built 
and operated since last December by the Farmers Union 
Central Exchange. A reinforced concrete storage tank with 
a capacity of 113,00 bushels is being completed. Addition 
of another mechanical screw press will double the handling 
capacity so the plant will be able to handle 400,000 bushels 
of the 1945 soybean crop.”
Soybean Blue Book. 1948. p. 74. “Processors of 
soybeans.” Wisconsin–Menomonie: Northwest Cooperative 
Mills. (Ofﬁ ces, 635 N. Fairview Ave., St. Paul, Minnesota). 
President: E.A. Syftestad. Vice president: A.J. Haynes. 
Secretary-treasurer: A.J. Smaby. Head soybean buyer, etc.: 
A.H. Roffers. Plant superintendent: Leland Bandelow. 2 
expellers. Processing capacity: 35-40 tons/day. Storage 
capacity: 160,000 bushels. “Coop” soybean oil meal, mixed 
feeds and pellets.
Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951 “Soy bean stock 
sales soar following annual meeting.” Oct. 12. p. 1, 7. “Bert 
Dahl was called on to give highlights of an annual report of 
a soy bean plant at Menomonie, Wisconsin, which had just 
been organized”–but was owned by several co-operatives 
and is somewhat larger than the Dawson plant.
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 
p. July. See p. 10. Table 5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing plants that had ceased operations as of 1970.” 10. 
Northwest Co-op Mills (St. Paul, Minnesota) (Menominie 
[Menomonie], Wisconsin, 1945).
146. Fetrow, Ward Willard; Scearce, Jane L. 1945. Working 
manual for cooperative soybean oil mill operators. 
Washington, DC: USDA Farm Credit Assoc. Nov. Nov. *
147. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Indiana Farm Bureau Cooperative 
Assn. (Indianapolis).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Rushville, Indiana.
Date of Introduction:  1945.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, 
Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of cottonseed and soybean 
processing cooperatives.” USDA Farmer Cooperative 
Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 p. July. See p. 10. 
Table 5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean processing plants that 
had ceased operations as of 1970.” 6. Indiana Farm Bureau 
Cooperative Assn. (Indianapolis) (Rushville, Indiana, 1945).
148. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Jersey Shore Cooperative Soybean 
Association.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Jersey Shore, Pennsylvania.
Date of Introduction:  1945.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, 
Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of cottonseed and soybean 
processing cooperatives.” USDA Farmer Cooperative 
Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 p. July. See p. 10. Table 
5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean processing plants that had 
ceased operations as of 1970.” 9. Jersey Shore Cooperative 
Soybean Association (Jersey Shore, Pennsylvania, 1945). 
Note: See Pennsylvania Soy Bean Cooperative Association 
(Nov. 1943).
149. Soybean Digest. 1946. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association, 
Manly, Iowa,... Jan. p. 28.
• Summary: “... plans a number of improvements on its plant 
in the near future, including a new screw-type conveyor and 
additions of new sections to the driers which will add 25 
percent more capacity.”
150. Soybean Digest. 1946. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the 
world of soy: Plans have been made to increase the soybean 

=== PAGE 61 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   61
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
storage capacity of Farmers Cooperative Co., Dike, Iowa, by 
250,000 bushels. July. p. 24.
• Summary: “The ﬁ rm’s processing plant recently sustained 
$3,000 damage by ﬁ re.”
151. Mason City Globe-Gazette (Mason City, Iowa). 1946. 
Pogeler leads soybean parley: To appear in session at Purdue 
University. Aug. 26.
• Summary: “Manly–Glenn Pogeler, manager of the North 
Iowa Co-operative Processing association at Manly, will take 
part in the 18th annual session of the American Institute of 
Co-operation at Purdue University, Lafayette, Indiana,” from 
Monday to Friday.
 “Pogeler will lead a discussion on the subject ‘New 
Problems Ahead for Vegetable Oil Mills.’ Before coming to 
Manly 3 years ago, Pogeler was manager of the Co-operative 
Elevator company at Badger for 3 years and prior to that he 
was manager of the Co-operative Elevator at Richards for 5 
years.”
 “This will be the ﬁ rst such national gathering in 4½ 
years and will provide an opportunity for agriculture leaders 
and educators to exchange ideas and experiences developed 
under the stress of wartime production and to look ahead at 
ways of meeting the impacts of peacetime readjustments.”
 A portrait photo shows Glenn Pogeler. Note: An almost 
identical article titled “Convention speaker,” with the same 
photo, appeared in The Manson Journal at about this time.
152. Soybean Digest. 1946. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: Big Four Cooperative Association, Sheldon, Iowa, is 
installing an additional French screw press unit,... July. p. 30.
• Summary: “... making three in all, in its soybean 
processing plant.”
153. Mexico Evening Ledger (Missouri). 1946. MFA 
[Missouri Farmers Association] to dedicate soybean mill 
here. Oct. 31. Section II–Mill edition. p. 1.
• Summary: This is the title of a special 6-page section in 
the newspaper focusing on the upcoming dedication of the 
new cooperative soybean mill in Mexico, Audrain County, 
Missouri. It consists of many short articles about different 
aspects of the mill, some photos, plus many ads in which 
local businesses are congratulating the mill.
 Titles of articles and photos on page 1 (left to right): 
“Mexico’s farmer owned–farmer controlled soybean mill” 
(aerial photo taken from top of new mill shows many 
trucks lined up to be weighed unloaded. “Despite the 
modern unloading facilities that can dump a truck in a 
few seconds, the trucks just couldn’t be handled as fast as 
they arrived”). “Heinkel reveals Cannon’s aid to new plant 
here: Helped MFA get two of only four Missouri expellers” 
(Congressman Clarence Cannon helped obtain priorities 
from the War Production Board). “Laddonia has MFA 
exchange in Central chain.” “Columbia exchange has daily 
radio broadcast.” “Processing plant is one of about 100 in 
the United States” (continued on page 3). “You gotta hang 
on tight when riding straight-up ‘elevator.’” “MFA launches 
state-wide pure seed program.” “Maze heads staff of 18 mill 
workers; all live in Mexico” (Maurice Maze; lists names 
of all 18 workers). New MFA mill here in Mexico (photo, 
ground level). “Soybean faces rosy farm, factory future: 
Development of products from the crop will beneﬁ t both 
grower and ultimate consumer; to extract oil at plant here.” 
“MFA dues called state’s biggest dollar bargain: Some of 
beneﬁ ts of membership are outlined” (Annual dues are $1). 
“New $500,000 plant will be open to public inspection Nov. 
2 and 3: Modern mill, virtually ready after 16 months of 
construction work, located in Mexico–’Center of soybean 
industry.’” (Mexico, Missouri, is now one of “more than 
100 communities of the nation where facilities are capable 
of processing large quantities of protein-rich soybeans...” 
“Mexico is the focal point of a great soybean growing area.” 
During the past few weeks trucks have come from a radius 
of 60 miles, and more “than 4,000 loads of soybeans have 
been emptied into the huge storage bins of the new elevator.” 
The new mill has storage capacity for 300,000 bushels of 
soybeans, consisting of “ten silo type bins 18 feet in diameter 
and 119 feet high with interlocking smaller beans in between 
the two rows of silo bins. The headhouse is 161 feet high 
and houses all the elevating machinery, a hopper scale which 
can weigh a carload,...” a cleaner for soybeans, a grain 
dryer [with a capacity of 550 bushels / hour for drying high 
moisture soybeans], and several storage bins. “The plant 
will process approximately 500,000 bushels of soybeans 
annually.” It will operate 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, year 
around, processing 2,000 bushels of soybeans every 24 hours 
into 1,000 hundred pound bags of soybean meal and 16,000 
pounds of soybean oil).
 “Brief program will mark new plant’s opening: Portion 
of talks, program will go on air over KFRU” radio station 
(1:00 to 1:45 p.m.). “Plant manager” (Photo and brief 
biography of Maurice Maze).
 Page 2: “Beans to importance here in only 4 years: Will 
remain a major crop as good farming continues. Production 
locally has jumped from 7 bushels per acre in 1935’s small 
crop to an estimated 20 bushels per acre average in ‘46.” 
“Audrain County has 2,382 MFA members.” “Producers 
grain company has long record.” “Centralia MFA provides 
feed, oil service.” “M.F.A. founder William Hirth” (portrait 
photo).
 Page 3: “MFA offers farmers expert tire service.” 
“Pioneer bean grower glad plant is here” (E.W. Leirheimer 
planted his ﬁ rst soybeans here in 1923. Also a pioneer 
M.F.A. member, for the past few years he has produced 
about 75 acres of soybeans on his 300-acre farm northeast of 
Mexico, Missouri). Ad by Producers Creamery Co. “Soybean 
meal from the new MFA soybean mill means better feed for 
Missouri milk cows.”

=== PAGE 62 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   62
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Page 4: “MFA founder is also an ‘Audrain product’: 
William Hirth came here with parents as small boy.” “Hirth’s 
boyhood home near Rush Hill” (photo). “Where William 
Hirth went to school” (photo of the old Walker school near 
the farm in Rush Hill community).
 Page 5. “Soybeans rank third as Audrain crop: Ability 
to ﬁ t into crop rotation makes importance. Only corn and 
oats exceed acreage given to beans here; little or no extra 
machinery needed and its easy to grow” (by A.W. Klemme, 
Extension specialist in soils, Univ. of Missouri, College of 
Agriculture).
 Page 6. “Now–Missouri soybean meal for Missouri 
livestock: An essential ingredient of M.F.A. Feeds. Made 
in Mexico, Missouri at the new soybean mill of the M.F.A. 
Cooperative Grain and Feed Co.” (3/4 page ad). “You’re 
invited to our two-day open house... Dedication ceremonies 
1 P.M., Saturday, November 2. Hear: F.V . Heinkel, president, 
Missouri Farmers Association. Mitchell White, editor Mexico 
Ledger. Robert Finley, Mayor of Mexico. E.W. Lierheimer, 
Audrain Co. farmer. George Sparks, general manager, MFA 
Coop. Grain and Feed Co. Maurice Maze, manager MFA 
soybean mill.”
 Note: There is no early history of this cooperative in this 
special issue, and no mention of the large ﬁ re on 17 March 
1944 that destroyed the feed mill and elevator. It is not clear 
when this mill ﬁ rst began processing soybeans, but it was 
probably in Oct. or Nov. 1946.
154. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Missouri Farmers Association 
Cooperative Grain & Feed Co.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Mexico, Missouri.
Date of Introduction:  1946 October.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Photo captioned “Missouri 
soybean mill.” 1946. Soybean Digest. Oct. p. 15. The lower 
caption reads: “This is a closeup of the new two expeller 
soybean mill of the M.F.A. [Missouri Farmers Association] 
Cooperative Grain & Feed Co., at Mexico, Missouri. 
Capacity of the 19 bins is 300,000 bushels. Fire destroyed 
the ﬁ rm’s original mill in March 1944, shortly after it had 
gone into operation.”
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 6. Missouri 
Farmers Association (Columbia, Mo., Soybean Division) 
(Mexico, Missouri, 1946).
 Young, Raymond A. 1995. Cultivating Cooperation: 
A History of the Missouri Farmers Association. Columbia, 
Missouri: Univ. of Missouri Press. xiv + 246 p. After delays 
caused by a shortage of materials during World War II and 
a ﬁ re in 1944, “the plant ﬁ nally started operation in late 
[Oct. or Nov.] 1946” with a capacity of 1,800 bushels/day 
(p. 147). In 1962 a new solvent extraction soybean plant 
began operation in Mexico, Missouri, under the management 
of Kermit Head. This new plant had a capacity of 15,000 
bushels/day; the previous expeller plant had crushed 3,000 
bushels/day (p. 167).
 Letter (e-mail) from William Lester (Omaha, Nebraska). 
2005. Sept. 11. The MFA plant in Mexico, Missouri, 
operated as MFA until the mid-1980s, when it was sold to 
the A.E. Staley Mfg. Co. They operated it for a few years, 
then sold their entire soybean processing operation to ADM 
in about 1985. The ﬁ re in 1970 didn’t do a lot of damage to 
the plant. Kermit Head was the general manager through the 
MFA years and for part of the time that Staley owned the 
plant. He died very unexpectedly after what was thought to 
be a routine knee surgery, of a blood clot, in the early 1990s. 
He was a dear friend and hunting companion.
155. Soybean Digest. 1946. Missouri soybean mill (Photo 
caption). Oct. p. 15.
• Summary: This photo shows a grain storage elevator with 
many towering concrete bins. The lower caption reads: “This 
is a closeup of the new two expeller soybean mill of the 
M.F.A. [Missouri Farmers Association] Cooperative Grain 
& Feed Co., at Mexico, Missouri. Capacity of the 19 bins is 
300,000 bushels. Fire destroyed the ﬁ rm’s original mill in 
March 1944, shortly after it had gone into operation.” Note: 
The head house, even taller than the circular concrete bins, is 
visible at the far right.
156. Soybean Digest. 1946. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: Plant facilities of Ohio Soy Bean Cooperative at 
Henderson, Kentucky... Dec. p. 30.
• Summary: “... have been expanded with the addition of a 
125,000 bushel Quonset type warehouse. A new boiler also 
has been added to the plant.”
157. Soybean Digest. 1946. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: The Hubbard, Iowa, soybean mill has been bought 
by W.J. Hershberger and Forest Miller, both of Omaha 
[Nebraska]. Dec. p. 28.
• Summary: “... Lee Hershberger will continue as manager.”
158. Farmers Cooperative Company. 1946. Fire or explosion 
in solvent extraction plant. Dike, Iowa.
• Summary: Soybean Digest. 1946. July, p. 24. “Plans have 
been made to increase the soybean storage capacity of 
Farmers Cooperative Co., Dike, Iowa, by 250,000 bushels. 
The ﬁ rm’s processing plant recently sustained $3,000 
damage by ﬁ re.” Address: Dike, Iowa.
159. Soybean Digest. 1947. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: Consumer Cooperative Association’s processing plant 

=== PAGE 63 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   63
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
at Coffeyville, Kansas... Jan. p. 30.
• Summary: “... processed one-half million bushels of 
soybeans during its ﬁ rst year’s operation, the company 
reports.”
160. Soybean Digest. 1947. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the 
world of soy: Expansion of plant facilities of Farm Bureau 
Cooperative Association (Columbus, Ohio) during the past 2 
years. Jan. p. 30.
• Summary: “... has included a soybean processing plant 
at Springﬁ eld, Ohio, and an oil reﬁ nery at Louisville, 
Kentucky.”
161. Farmers Cooperative Association. 1947. Manufacturers 
of expeller process soybean oil meal and soybean pellets 
(Ad). Soybean Blue Book. p. 62.
• Summary: A simple ½-page ad. Address: Ralston, Iowa.
162. Soybean Blue Book. 1947. Processors of soybeans [USA 
and Canada]. p. 44-64.
• Summary: Processors are listed by state (alphabetically), 
and within each state alphabetically by city. For each ﬁ rm 
is given the ofﬁ cers, brand names, type of processing 
equipment, processing capacity, and storage capacity. 
“Information was obtained through questionnaires sent 
directly to the processing companies.
 Arkansas–Blytheville: Swift & Co. Little Rock: Rose 
City Cotton Oil Mill. West Memphis: Arkansas Mills.
 California–Fresno: Oil Seed Products Co. Oakland: 
Albers Milling Co.
 Illinois–Alhambra: Alhambra Grain & Feed Co. 
Bloomington: Funk Bros. Seed Co. Cairo: Cairo Meal and 
Cake Milling Co. Cairo: Swift & Co. Champaign: Swift 
& Co. Chicago: Allied Mills, Inc. Chicago: Central Soya 
Co., Inc. Chicago: The Glidden Co. Chicago: Spencer 
Kellogg & Sons. Chicago: Swift & Co. Decatur: Decatur 
Soy Products. Decatur: Spencer Kellogg & Sons. Decatur: 
A.E. Staley Mfg. Co. Galesburg: Galesburg Soy Products 
Co. Gibson City: McMillen Feed Mills. Kankakee: Bordens 
Soy Bean Products Co. Mascoutah: Ph.H. Postel Milling Co. 
Monmouth: Ralph Wells & Co. Nashville: Huegely Elevator 
Co. Pana: Shellabarger Soybean Mills. Peoria: Allied Mills, 
Inc. Quincy: Quincy Soybean Products Co. Roanoke: Eureka 
Milling Co. Rock Falls: Sterling Soybean Co. Springﬁ eld: 
Cargill, Inc. Taylorville: Allied Mills, Inc. Virden: Hulcher 
Soya Products.
 Indiana–Bunker Hill: Ladd Soya Co. Danville: 
Hendricks County Farm Bureau Co-op. Assn. Decatur: 
Central Soya Co. Ft. Wayne: Central Soya Co. Frankfort: 
Swift & Co. Lafayette: Ralston Purina Co. Marion: Hoosier 
Soybean Mills. Portland: Haynes Soy Products. Rushville: 
Rush County Farm Bureau Co-op. Assn.
 Iowa–Belmond: General Mills, Inc., Chemical Div. 
Cedar Rapids: Cargill, Inc. Centerville: Pillsbury Mills, 
Inc. Clinton: Pillsbury Mills, Inc. Des Moines: Spencer 
Kellogg & Sons, Inc. Des Moines: Swift & Co. Dike: 
Farmers Cooperative Co. Dubuque: E.E. Frith Co. Eagle 
Grove: Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Assn. Fairﬁ eld: 
Doughboy Industries. Fort Dodge: Borden’s Soybean 
Processing Co. Fort Dodge: Cargill, Inc. Gladbrook: 
Central Iowa Bean Mill. Hubbard: Hubbard Soybean Mill, 
Inc. Iowa Falls: Ralston Purina Co. Manly: North Iowa 
Cooperative Processing Assn. Marshalltown: Marshall Mills, 
Inc. Martelle: Farmers Cooperative Elevator. Muscatine: 
Hawkeye Soy Products. Muscatine: Muscatine Processing 
Corp. Plainﬁ eld: Roach Soybean Mills. Quimby: Simonsen 
Mill–Rendering Plant. Ralston: Farmers Cooperative Assn. 
Redﬁ eld: Iowa Soya Co. Sac City: Williams Milling Co. 
Sheldon: Big 4 Cooperative Processing Assn. Sioux City: 
Sioux Soya Co. Spencer: Cargill, Inc. Washington: Cargill, 
Inc. Waterloo: Borden’s Soy Bean Processing Co. West 
Bend: West Bend Elevator Co.
 Kansas: Coffeeville [Coffeyville]: Consumers 
Cooperative Assn. Soybean Mill. Emporia: Kansas Soybean 
Mills, Inc. Girard: Farmers Union Jobbing Assn. Hiawatha: 
Thomson Soy Mill. Kansas City: Kansas Soya Products Inc. 
Wichita: Soy-Rich Products, Inc.
 Kentucky–Henderson: Ohio Valley Soybean 
Cooperative. Louisville: Buckeye Cotton Oil. Co. 
Owensboro: Owensboro Grain Co.
 Louisiana–Alexandria: Red River Cotton Oil Co.
 Michigan–Concord: Concord Soya Corp. Saline: 
Soybrands, Inc.
 Minnesota–Mankato: Mankato Soybean Products, Inc. 
Minneapolis: Archer Daniels Midland Co. Minneapolis: 
Cargill, Inc. Minneapolis: General Mills, Inc. Minneapolis: 
Spencer Kellogg & Sons, Inc. Preston: Hubbard Milling Co.
 Missouri–Kansas City: Ralston Purina Co. Kennett: 
Hemphill Soy Products Co. Mexico: M.F.A. Cooperative 
Grain & Feed Co. St. Joseph: Dannen Grain & Milling Co. 
St. Louis: Blanton Mill, Inc. St. Louis: Ralston Purina Co. 
Trenton: Central Farm Products Co.
 Nebraska–Fremont: Fremont Cake & Meal Co. Lincoln: 
Gooch Milling & Elevator Co. Omaha: Allied Mills, Inc.
 New York–Buffalo: Spencer Kellogg & Sons, Inc. 
Oswego: Oswego Soy Products Corp.
 North Carolina–Clayton: Central Oil & Milling Co. 
Farmville: Farmville Oil & Fertilizer Co. Hartford: Southern 
Cotton Oil Co. New Bern: New Bern Oil & Fertilizer Co.
 North Dakota–Grand Forks: North Dakota Mill & 
Elevator.
 Ohio–Bellevue–Spencer Kellogg & Sons, Inc. 
Circleville: John W. Eshelman & Sons. Circleville: Ralston 
Purina Co. Cortland: Richards Milling Co. Delphos: Delphos 
Grain & Milling Co. Fostoria: Swift & Co. Lexington: 
Lexington Soy Products Co. Marion: McMillen Feed Mills, 
Inc. Ohio City: Holland Pioneer Mills, Inc. Painesville: 
A.E. Staley Mfg. Co. Springﬁ eld: Farm Bureau Cooperative 

=== PAGE 64 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   64
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Assn. Toledo: Toledo Soybean Products Co. Wooster: Soya 
Processing Co.
 Oklahoma–Oklahoma City: Producers Cooperative Oil 
Mill.
 Pennsylvania–Jersey Shore: Penna Soy Bean Co.
 South Dakota–Sioux Falls: Western Soybean Mills.
 Tennessee–Memphis: Buckeye Cotton Oil Co. 
Tiptonville: West Tennessee Soya Mill, Inc.
 Virginia–Norfolk: Davis Milling Co., Portsmouth: Allied 
Mills, Inc. Portsmouth: Monsanto Chemical Co.
 Wisconsin–Janesville: Janesville Mills, Inc.
 Canada–Toronto: Dominion Linseed Oil Co. Toronto: 
Toronto Elevators Ltd. Toronto: Victory Mills, Ltd.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Oct. 2020) 
which appears to show clearly that M.F.A. [MFA; Missouri 
Farmers Association] is now processing soybeans in Mexico, 
Missouri.
163. Soybean Blue Book. 1947. Soybean processors that 
make soybean pellets (Document part). p. 46-64.
• Summary: In the 1947 issue of the Soybean Blue Book, 
the section titled “Processors of soybeans” (p. 46-64) shows 
that the following companies make soybean pellets. They 
are listed alphabetically by state, and within each state, 
alphabetically by city: California: Oakland–Albers Milling 
Co. “Albers Quality Controlled” feeds and pellets.
 Illinois: Chicago–Central Soya Co. “Master Mix” feeds 
and pellets. Chicago–Swift & Co. “Swifts” soybean oil meal 
and pellets. Decatur–Spencer Kellogg & Sons. “Spencer 
Kellogg’s” 44% protein pellets. Decatur–A.E. Staley Mfg. 
Co. “Staley’s” oil meal and pellets. Gibson City–McMillen 
Feed Mills. “Master Mix” feeds and pellets.
 Indiana: Decatur–Central Soya Co. “Master Mix” feeds 
and pellets. Fort Wayne–Central Soya Co. “Master Mix” 
feeds and pellets. Rushville–Rush County Farm Bureau Co-
op Assn. “Farm Bureau” soybean oil meal, mixed feeds, and 
pellets.
 Iowa: Cedar Rapids–Cargill, Inc. “Cargill-Nutrena” 
feeds and pellets. Cedar Rapids–Iowa Milling Co. 
“Honeymead” and “Cremo” feeds and pellets. Centerville–
Pillsbury Mills, Inc. “Pillsbury’s Best” feeds and pellets. 
Clinton–Pillsbury Mills, Inc. “Pillsbury” soybean oil meal, 
feeds and pellets. Des Moines–Spencer Kellogg & Co. 
“Spencer Kellogg’s” 44% Protein Toasted soybean oil meal 
and pellets. Des Moines–Swift & Co. “Swifts” soybean oil 
meal and pellets. Eagle Grove–Boone Valley Cooperative 
Processing Association. “Co-op” soybean oil meal, feeds 
and pellets. Fairﬁ eld–Doughboy Industries. “Doughboy” oil 
meal, feeds and pellets. Fort Dodge–Cargill, Inc. “Cargill-
Nutrena” feeds and pellets. Ralston–Farmers Cooperative 
Association. “Farmers” soybean oil meal and pellets. Sac 
City–Williams Milling Co. “Williams” soybean oil meal, 
feeds and pellets. Sioux City–Sioux Soya Co. “Su Soy” 
soybean oil meal and pellets. Spencer–Cargill, Inc. “Cargill-
Nutrena” pellets and feeds. Washington–Cargill, Inc. 
“Cargill-Nutrena” pellets and feeds.
 Kansas: Coffeeville–Consumers Cooperative Processing 
Association. “Co-op” soybean oil meals and pellets. 
Emporia–Kansas Soybean Mills, Inc. “Sunﬂ ower” soybean 
oil meal, pellets, and feeds. Hiawatha–Thomson Soy Mill. 
“Scotch” soybean oil meal and pellets. Kansas City–Kansas 
Soya Products, Inc. “Sunﬂ ower” soybean oil meal and 
pellets. Wichita–Soy-Rich Products, Inc. “Four Leaf Clover” 
soybean oil meal and pellets.
 Minnesota: Minneapolis–Archer-Daniels- Midland 
Co. “Archer Brand” soybean oil meal, pellets and feeds. 
Minneapolis–Cargill, Inc. “Cargill-Nutrena” feeds and 
pellets. Preston–Hubbard Milling Co. “Sunshine” feeds and 
pellets.
 Missouri: Kennett–Hemphill Soy Products. “Circle H” 
soybean oil meal and pellets. Mexico–M.F.A. Cooperative 
Grain & Feed Co. “M.F.A. oil meal, feeds and pellets. St. 
Joseph–Dannen Grain & Milling Co. “Dannen” soybean oil 
meal, feeds and pellets.
 Nebraska: Fremont–Fremont Cake & Meal Co. “Pete 
Marr” soybean oil meal and pellets.
 North Dakota: Grand Forks–North Dakota Mill & 
Elevator. “Dakota Maid” soybean oil meal, feeds and pellets.
 Ohio: Circleville–John W. Eshelman & Sons. “Eshelman 
Red Rose” soybean oil meal, feeds and pellets. Marion–
McMillen Feed Mills, Inc. “Master Mix” feeds and pellets. 
Ohio City–Holland Pioneer Mills. “Lucky Strike” soybean 
oil meal, feeds and pellets. Wooster–Soya Processing Co., 
“Wooster” soybean oil meal, feeds and pellets.
 Oklahoma: Oklahoma City–Producers Cooperative Oil 
Mill. “Co-op” soybean oil meal and pellets.
 South Dakota: Sioux Falls–Western Soybean Mills. 
“Sioux” soybean oil meal, feeds and pellets.
164. Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association. 
1947. Fire or explosion in solvent extraction plant. Eagle 
Grove, Iowa. Aug. 23.
• Summary: Crabbe, Carolyn; McCutcheon, Connie. eds. 
1981. Eagle Grove, Iowa 1881-1981 centennial. Eagle 
Grove, Iowa: Eagle Grove Centennial Committee. vi + 218 
p. See p. 21. “1944 March 4–Plant started operation... 1947 
Aug. 23–Fire which almost completely destroyed processing 
plant.” Address: Eagle Grove, Iowa.
165. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1947. Boone Valley ﬁ re loss 
set at $175,000: Resolution passed by executive board favors 
rebuilding. Origin of oil fed blaze undetermined, spreads 
over factory in matter of minutes. Aug. 28. p. 1, 12.
• Summary: The ﬁ re, whose cause is unknown, started 
on Saturday, Aug. 23, at about 7:15 p.m., on the north 
side of the cupola on top of the Boone Valley Cooperative 
Processing Association soybean crushing plant. Insurance 
adjusters have been in town since Monday. “There were 500 

=== PAGE 65 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   65
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
tons of ﬁ nished feed in the warehouse, 300 bushels of oats, 
200 of corn and 5,000 bushels of [soy] beans. There were 
also 112,000 pounds of soy bean oil, not all of which was 
lost...” The ﬁ re department and “volunteers did an excellent 
job of saving machinery and equipment in the expeller room 
where most of the hard to get and valuable machinery is 
located. Rubber belts in the expeller were not even burned. 
The expellers and cookers will probably be salvageable with 
very little damage.
 Boone Valley, with 23 employees, is owned by 43 
cooperative elevators in this section of Iowa. The manager is 
Ed Olson. Two large photos show the burning building.
166. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1947. Business men ask 
ﬁ rm to rebuild plant: Resolution expressing sympathy and 
pledging aid given to Boone Valley. Aug. 28. p. 1.
• Summary: “At a special meeting of the Board of Directors 
of the Eagle Grove Chamber of Commerce the following 
resolution was adopted and given to Ed Olson, manager of 
the soy bean plant.”
167. MacGee, A. Ernest. 1947. Vegetable oil extraction 
solvents; History and general chemical composition. Oil Mill 
Gazetteer 52(1):17-21, 35-43. Aug. [53 ref]
• Summary: The growth of the vegetable and animal 
oil extraction industry since 1930 has been rapid and 
astonishing. Many parallels can be found with George 
Stephenson’s invention and persistent development of the 
locomotive in England in the early 1800s. In 1930 Clarence 
F. Eddy predicted a bright future for larger oil mills using 
continuous, counter-current solvent extraction. In 1933 
David Wesson recounted the history of his work with 
cottonseed oil (from 1889) and with solvent extraction of 
cottonseed oil (from about 1900 to 1917), using benzine 
and low end point-high test gasoline. A mill in New Orleans 
(Louisiana) ran from 1917-1919, ﬁ rst using aviation type 
gasoline, later using benzol.
 Concerning early solvent extraction of soybeans: Piatt 
County Soybean Cooperative Co., Monticello, Illinois, 
operated a batch plant with a capacity of 8 tons/day for about 
6 months in 1923-24 using benzol as a solvent. In 1924 the 
Eastern Cotton Oil Co., Norfolk, Virginia, used a continuous 
extractor of about 80 tons/day capacity.
 Solvent extraction was apparently patented in England 
in 1856 and had become fairly well established in Europe by 
about 1870. However these early solvent extraction plants 
were of the “batch” type and had fairly small capacities, 
with no means of agitation. In about 1900 the solvent 
countercurrent principle was introduced in Europe by 
combining several consecutive batch extractors. Next came 
the introduction of the “continuous” type extractor. The ﬁ rst 
two successful continuous extraction plants processing large 
volumes in the 1920s were: (1) The Hansa-Muehle, A.G., 
Hamburg, Germany, using the “Bollmann” extractor, and (2) 
the Extractochemie, A.G., Zurich, Switzerland (but originally 
of Harburg, Germany) using the “Hildebrandt” extractor. At 
Hansa-Muehle in 1928 the central plant, consisting of four 
extractor units with a combined capacity of over 1,000 tons/
day, was put into operation. By 1934 a number of continuous 
solvent plants were operating in Europe.
 In the USA, the ﬁ  rst large-scale plant of this type was 
that of the Archer-Daniels-Midland Company, Chicago, 
Illinois. In March 1934 it began operating using a 
“Hildebrandt” extractor to process 100 tons/day of soybeans. 
The solvent was petroleum naphtha of the hexane type. As of 
1947, this plant is still in operation.
 The ADM plant in March 1934 represented a “turning 
point and marked the beginning of the large scale edible 
oil extraction industry as it is known today.” Installations 
of other large-capacity continuous solvent extraction plants 
followed in rapid succession:
 1934 Nov.–The Glidden Company, Chicago, Illinois, 
began operating a continuous solvent soybean plant of 100 
tons per day capacity.
 1937 Nov.–the 400 tons per day plant of the Central 
Soya Co., Decatur, Indiana, began operation.
 1938 Oct.–Honeymead Products Co. Cedar Rapids, 
Iowa, began operating a continuous solvent soybean plant 
with 100 tons per day capacity. By Aug. 1947 this plant was 
owned by Cargill, Inc.
 By 1947 an estimated 33% of the soybean processing 
capacity operating in the USA used the solvent extraction 
process. Schiffman (1945) reported that of the estimated 4.25 
million tons soybean processing capacity on 1 Oct. 1945, 
only 27% of the capacity in operation was of the solvent 
type, but 64% of the total capacity under construction on that 
date was of the solvent type.
 Table 1 shows the tonnage and percentage of soybeans 
processed by expeller, solvent and hydraulic methods 
from 1936 to 1940. Expeller increased from 68.5% to 
74.2%. Solvent increased from 13.2% to 23.1%. Hydraulic 
decreased from 18.5% to 2.7%.
 The largest soybean solvent plant in the USA today 
is that owned by A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co., Decatur, 
Illinois. Costing $2 million and having a capacity of 650 tons 
per day, it went on stream in March 1945. The extraction 
tower was supplied by French Oil Mill Machinery Co. and it 
used a “petroleum hexane-type solvent of 146 to 156 degrees 
F. general boiling range.”
 Two events that occurred during the 1930s were of vital 
importance to the rapid growth and widespread application 
of the solvent extraction process in the oil and fat industries: 
(1) The perfecting of large volume, continuous processing 
equipment, and (2) the development of light petroleum 
naphthas of the hexane and heptane types. Address: Manager 
Skellysolve Sales, Skelly Oil Co., Kansas City, Missouri.
168. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1947. Boone Valley factory 

=== PAGE 66 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   66
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
is to be rebuilt: President Koolhof writes letter to citizens of 
Eagle Grove announcing decision. Sept. 4. p. 1.
• Summary: The directors of Boone Valley Cooperative 
Processing Association voted unanimously last Friday to 
rebuild their plant at its present location. Koolhof’s letter to 
the public is reprinted here.
169. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1947. Rebuilding plans 
conference Saturday. Sept. 11. p. 1.
• Summary: The Weitz Company of Des Moines, Iowa, 
has been retained by the Boone Valley Assoc. to examine 
their plant after the ﬁ re. Weitz ofﬁ cials and the board of the 
soybean processing ﬁ rm will meet Saturday afternoon to 
hear the report and make plans for rebuilding. The board will 
decide whether or not the contract to rebuild the plant will be 
awarded to Weitz.
170. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1947. Start work rebuilding 
soybean plant: Estimate cost to be $175,000 for new plant. 
Weitz Company has contract, set February 1, 1948 as date 
for operation. Sept. 25. p. 1.
• Summary: Boone Valley has awarded the contract for 
rebuilding the soybean plant to Weitz Company of Des 
Moines. Work started Monday. It is a cost plus contract 
making it impossible to set a deﬁ nite cost ﬁ gure.
 “The soybean plant had originally been built around on 
the north and east of the old C&NW machine shop which 
served as the main part of the processing plant.” The new 
plant will have about 1/3 more operating and storage space 
than the old. Boone Valley intends “to erect a completely 
modern soybean processing plant. The mixed feed 
department of the business will be expanded considerably...”
171. Soybean Digest. 1947. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: A $225,000 ﬁ re destroyed the soybean plant of the 
Boone Valley Cooperative Association at Eagle Grove, Iowa, 
August 23. Sept. p. 80.
• Summary: Losses included about $75,000 worth of 
soybeans and oil. Ofﬁ cials said the ﬁ re apparently started 
from spontaneous combustion at the top of the plant.
172. Soybean Digest. 1947. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: The Big Four Cooperative Processing Association, 
Sheldon, Iowa, closed its plant for the season in August. 
Iowa, August 23. Sept. p. 80.
• Summary: “... after processing 600,000 bushels of 
soybeans during the past year.”
173. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1947. Boone Valley holds 
annual meeting Wed.: With Koolhof presiding, Olson gives 
report on year’s operation. Oct. 9. p. 1.
• Summary: Ofﬁ cers, directors, and stockholders were 
present at the meeting last night at Legion hall. Boone 
Valley’s ﬁ scal year “ended August 31, or just a few days after 
the ﬁ re which destroyed the plant.”
 “The report indicated that the company had a very 
good operating year. Total sales reached $2,288,282.42. 
Of this $938,115.46 was from the sale of [soy] bean meal, 
$828,906.62 from [soybean] oil and $521,258.34 was from 
the sale of mixed feeds.”
 For the soybean they spent $1,446,673, which was paid 
to the 43 elevators who are members of the association. The 
company processed 501,772 bushels of soybeans.
 Note: No information is given about pro ﬁ ts.
174. Soybean Digest. 1947. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: Boone Valley Cooperative Association rebuilds after 
ﬁ re. Oct. p. 22.
• Summary: Directors of the Boone 
 Valley Cooperative 
Association in Eagle Grove, Iowa, have voted to build a 
larger soybean processing plant than the one which was 
destroyed on 23 Aug. 1947 by a ﬁ re of undetermined origin. 
Work on the new plant will get under way as soon as men 
and materials are available.
175. Soybean Digest. 1947. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: Consumers Cooperative Association, Coffeeville, 
Kansas. Nov. p. 30.
• Summary: The Association has completed a $130,000 
expansion program at their soybean processing plant in 
Coffeeville [Coffeyville]. “The plant now has storage 
facilities for 232,800 bushels and will be able to process 
700,000 bushels annually.”
176. Soybean Digest. 1947. Iowa processing plant burns 
[Boone Valley] (Photo caption). Nov. p. 24.
• Summary: This photo–taken at the height of the ﬁ re–shows 
the Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association 
plant burning at Eagle Grove, Iowa on Aug. 23. Exploding 
barrels of soybean oil fed the ﬂ ames. Damage was estimated 
at $225,000. The Association plans to rebuild the plant. 
A contract has been let to Weitz Co., Des Moines, Iowa. 
Ofﬁ cials hope to resume processing by 1 Feb. 1948.
177. M.F .A. Cooperator. 1947-1951. Serial/periodical. 
Missouri: American Farmers Association. V ols. 1-5. *
• Summary: Discusses the work of Missouri Farmers 
Association, a cooperative soybean processor in Mexico, 
Missouri. See also the periodicals Missouri Ruralist (1910-
1994) and Missouri Farmer (1912-1967).
178. Ruble, Kenneth D. 1947. Men to remember: How 
100,000 neighbors made history. Chicago, Illinois: Printed 
by R.R. Donnelley & Sons. xv + 318 p. Illust. by Lyle Justis. 
No index. 21 cm. [25 ref]
• Summary: A history of the ﬁ rst 25 years of Minnesota 
Co-operative Creameries Association, Inc., which was 
established in 1921 and became Land O’Lakes.

=== PAGE 67 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   67
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 1921 July 8–Origins of Land O’Lakes: Minnesota 
Cooperative Creameries Association is incorporated. This 
new cooperative had novel, creative ideas about producing 
butter. In those days most butter was made from sour cream 
and was scooped out of wooden tubs. The new cooperative 
made butter from fresh, sweet cream and sold it in pound 
packages with individually wrapped sticks. It soon set a new 
standard for butter quality and helped to implement grading 
standards for the industry.
 1923–John Brandt becomes president of the cooperative 
association. 1924–The association decides to expand its 
butter market; a search is made for an appropriate brand 
name and trademark. A contest is announced with $500 
gold to the winner. Two contestants, Mrs. E.B. Foss and 
Mr. George L. Swift, submitted the winning name–Land 
O’Lakes–a tribute to Minnesota’s thousands of sparkling 
lakes. 1926–The brand name becomes so popular that the 
association changes its corporate name to Land O’Lakes 
Creameries, Inc. Also, members from other states (especially 
North and South Dakota) had joined the cooperative. 1928–
Land O’Lakes receives a painting from Walter Taube of an 
Indian maiden facing the viewer and holding a butter carton. 
During the 1924 search for a brand name, the idea of the 
now-famous Indian maiden started to be developed. Because 
of regions of Minnesota and Wisconsin were the legendary 
lands of Hiawatha and Minnehaha, the idea of an Indian 
maiden took form. That painting inspired a new design 
for the butter carton. Lakes, pines, ﬂ owers, and grazing 
cows decorated the background. The new design remained 
unchanged until the spring of 1939, when it was simpliﬁ ed 
and modernized by Jess Betlach, a nationally recognized 
illustrator. Fifty years later, with only minor changes, his 
designed continued to capture the spirit of Land O’Lakes 
dairy products. Contains many good photos.
 Note 1. This is the earliest document seen (June 2005) 
that mentions Land O’Lakes. Note 2. This book suffers from 
the lack of an index and lack of a chronology.
179. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1948. Bulletin. Jan. 1. p. 1.
• Summary: “Ed Olson notiﬁ ed the Eagle late yesterday 
that the Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association 
had purchased the Hubbard Soy Bean Mill, Inc. at Hubbard, 
Iowa. Purchase was made from F.R. Miller and W.J. 
Hershberger.
 “Possession will be given Wednesday night, December 
31 [1947] at midnight. The Boone Valley ofﬁ cials will 
start operation of the plant Friday morning, January 2. The 
deal involved approximately $400,000 including the plant, 
equipment, inventory and soy bean commitments.
 Note: Hubbard (in Hardin County) is located about 
40 miles southeast of Eagle Grove (in Wright County), 
in central Iowa. The cooperative plant at Hubbard began 
operation in late 1944 or early 1945. It was purchased by 
Miller and Hershberger from the original owners in Dec. 
1946.
180. Co-Op-Co News (Hudson, Iowa). 1948. Farmers keep 
control of soybean crop from combine to feedlot: Through 
Dike Co-op. 11(9):1, 4. Feb.
• Summary: The 315 members of the Farmers Cooperative 
Co. in Dike, Iowa, work together. They “went into the 
soybean processing business in 1943.” Farmers in the area 
do considerable livestock feeding. But early in World War 
II “most Iowa soybean mills fell into the hands of the big 
feed mixers... Farmers could buy the mixed feeds but not the 
meal. And many of them preferred to feed the meal with their 
own grain to selling their grain then buying back from feed 
mixers at a fancy price.
 “A number of Iowa farmers elevators investigated 
the idea of building their own processing plants. The plan 
seemed sound. So Dike and six other elevators began 
building soybean mills in 1942 and 1943.
 “The Dike plant, a two-expeller out ﬁ t, was completed 
in 1943. In erecting this plant, the farmers in the Dike 
community acquired complete control over the soybeans 
they raise–from combine to processing plant to feedlot. 
Because of their ownership of the bean mill they now have 
a free choice- they can either feed their protein concentrate 
straight, or as part of a commercially mixed feed.
 “Felco Feeds: Last year the mill processed 400,000 
bushels of soybeans. The meal goes to the co-op’s line of 
Felco Feeds, and is also sold as Felco soybean oil meal.
 “Last year the Farmers Cooperative Co.’s gross sales 
were 2 million dollars from its whole operations. The 
elevator does a big cash grain and feed business.
 “In 1946 the co-op erected a huge concrete storage 
elevator, so that it now has a capacity of 310,000 bushels of 
soybeans and grain. This is one of the largest storage bins 
of a country elevator in the Midwest. The elevator looms 
high above the town of Dike and can be seen for miles in all 
directions. It has become a landmark of no mean proportions 
in this town of 500–a real monument to farmer enterprise.
 “During recent weeks there has been a huge in ﬂ ux of 
soybeans into the storage bins. For some weeks at least 
16 boxcars have been on siding every day. One morning 
recently there were 29. There are now 200,000 bushels of 
soybeans in storage, according to Manager Clifford M. 
Gregory.”
 Photos show: (1) An aerial view of the Farmers 
Cooperative Co. and the town of Dike. (2) Manager C.M. 
Gregory. (3) Dike ofﬁ ce workers: Bookkeeper Joyce Nielsen, 
secretary Margaret Johnson, and ofﬁ ce manager “Bud” 
Goetzinger. (4) Leo Knudsen standing between two expellers 
inside the soybean mill. (5) Carloads of soybeans on a rail 
siding at the big elevator. (6) President Heye Dieken. (7) 
Elevator worker Marcus Cole.
 Note 1. The six other cooperative elevators that began 
building soybean mills (with expellers) in 1942 and 1943 

=== PAGE 68 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   68
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
were probably located in Iowa at: (1) Ralston. (2) West Bend. 
(3) Manly. (4) Sheldon. (5) Eagle Grove (Boone Valley). and 
(6) Martelle (just east of Cedar Rapids).
 Note 2. Talk with Bill Lester of Omaha, Nebraska. 2007. 
Aug. 27. The plants at Ralston and West Bend are still in 
operation as independents and they still use expellers. They 
sell their soybean meal (which has a higher fat content than 
solvent extracted meal) as a specialty high-energy meal for 
swine and dairy cattle. The three plants at Manly, Sheldon, 
and Eagle Grove are now part of AGP. The mill at Martelle 
no longer exists; it’s gone.
181. Soybean Digest. 1948. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: Boone Valley. Feb. p. 26.
• Summary: “The Boone Valley Cooperative Association, 
Eagle Grove, Iowa, has bought the Hubbard Soybean Mill, 
Inc., Hubbard, Iowa, effective January 1 [1948]. Ed Olson, 
Eagle Grove, is the new manager of the two-expeller plant, 
succeeding Lee Hershberger.”
182. Soybean Digest. 1948. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the 
world of soy: Big Four Cooperative Processing Association, 
Sheldon, Iowa. Feb. p. 26, 28.
• Summary: “... processed 600,000 bushels of soybeans last 
year, Manager Chas. W. Hanson announced at the annual 
meeting in December. Edward Dobbertin, Paullina, Iowa, 
was reelected president; Doores Waandes, Hull, Iowa, vice 
president; L.M. Penning, Ashton, Iowa, secretary-treasurer.”
183. Soybean Digest. 1948. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association. Feb. 
p. 26.
• Summary: “Earl M. Dean, Mason City, Iowa, was reelected 
president of the North Iowa Cooperative Processing 
Association, at the annual meeting in Mason City in 
December. Martin Fabricius was elected vice president. 
The association, which is owned by 31 member elevators, 
processed 500,000 bushels of soybeans during the past year, 
according to Manager Glenn Pogeler.”
184. Soybean Digest. 1948. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: Report of the North Iowa Cooperative Processing 
Association, Manly, Iowa, is a highly attractive 12-page 
folder. March. p. 44.
• Summary: “Booklet is illustrated with pictures taken 
around the plant. Operations for the year ending last August 
31 are covered.”
185. Soybean Digest. 1948. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: County soybean production maps for 1947 have been 
issued by P.R. Farlow, general agricultural agent for the 
Illinois Central Railroad. April. p. 38.
• Summary: “Bushel production for each county is shown.”
186. Soybean Digest. 1948. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: C. Clayton Hejtmanek has been named manager of 
the Consumers Cooperative Association soybean mill in 
Coffeeville [Coffeyville], Kansas. April. p. 38.
• Summary: “Hejtmanek has been with the oil mill since his 
separation from the military service in Oct. 1945.”
187. Soybean Digest. 1948. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: Big 4 Co-op Processing Association (Sheldon, Iowa) 
runs ad. June. p. 32.
• Summary: The Big 4 Co-op Processing Association ran 
a large advertisement in the Sheldon (Iowa) Mail urging 
farmers in the territory to plant more soybeans. “’Soybeans 
are your surest crop in northwest Iowa and one of the best 
cash crops’ stated the ad.”
188. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1948. Soybean plant to start 
September 24: Boone Valley spends $225,000 on new plant. 
Public invited to attend opening day celebrations, coffee and 
doughnuts served. Sept. 16. p. 1.
• Summary: “President Albert Koolhoff announces that the 
Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association plant will 
start its fall run in the newly rebuilt plant on Friday, Sept. 
24.” Visitors are invited to an open house on that day to 
celebrate the plant opening.
 “Boone Valley’s plant burned down on August 23, 
1947 in Eagle Grove’s biggest ﬁ re. The loss was settled by 
insurance company payments totaling $172,000. This went 
for damage to stock and equipment.”
 Since that date the company has been rebuilding, 
making the plant as modern and ﬁ re-proof as possible. 
“Everything in the plant is new except the expellers and 
boiler.”
 The current plant and equipment represents an 
investment of $225,000; it is one of the city’s major 
industries. The feed mixing department has been greatly 
expanded, and there are plans to double its former capacity. 
“It is now possible to turn out 75 tons of mixed feed each 24 
hour day... The soy bean operation will use 1500 bushels of 
beans a day, turning out 75,000 pounds of meal and 14,000 
pounds of oil a day.
 “Olson stated that 25 to 30 employees would be 
needed when the plant swings into continuous full capacity 
production about October 1.”
 Everything will be ready for full time operation by the 
opening date of Friday, Sept. 24 Company ofﬁ cials expect 
the new crop of soy beans to be ready for processing about 
Oct. 1. “Boone Valley also operates a processing plant at 
Hubbard, Iowa. Paul Hudgins is the manager.”
189. Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Assn. 1948. 
You are invited to the opening of the new Boone Valley 
Cooperative Processing Assn. plant... (Ad). Eagle Gr
 ove 
Eagle (Iowa). Sept. 23. p. B2.

=== PAGE 69 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   69
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
• Summary: A full-page ad. “...Friday, September 24th, from 
10 A.M. to 5 P.M.” All the people of Eagle Grove and the 
surrounding territory are invited. “Since our ﬁ re on August 
23rd, 1947, we have worked hard to rebuild a bigger and 
more modern plant... Coffee and doughnuts will be served 
from 1 to 4 P.M.” “Co-op open formula feeds and co-op 
soybean meal.”
 At each of the 4 corners of the ad is a logo which says: 
“Use Co-op products.” Near the bottom of the page is a large 
photo of the processing plant and feed mill.
190. USDA Northern Regional Research Laboratory. 1948. 
Soybean processing mills in the United States. USDA Bureau 
of Agricultural and Industrial Chemistry. CA-5. 14 p. Sept.
• Summary: Footnote: “This is a revision of AIC-26 [Nov. 
1943]–Revised June 1946 under the same title.”
 “The following list of soybean processing mills is 
divided into three parts: (1) Mills specializing in soybeans. 
(2) Mills processing soybeans on part-time basis. (3) 
Distribution of soybeans processed by solvent extraction, 
screw press, and hydraulic press methods (Estimates based 
on data compiled by Bureau of the Census in cooperation 
with the Northern Regional Research Laboratory). A year 
by year table from crop year 1936-37 to 1946-47 (Oct. to 
Oct.) shows the number of tons processed and the percentage 
of the total processed by each of the three processes. The 
percentage processed by solvent extraction doubled from 
13.2% to 26.6% while the percentage processed by hydraulic 
press dropped by half from 18.4% to 9.5%. The total tons of 
soybeans processed rose 8.2 fold from 619 to 5,107 during 
the 11 year period.
 Processors are listed by state (alphabetically), and within 
each state alphabetically by city. Three symbols are used 
(in parentheses) to express each plant’s processing capacity 
in tons of soybeans per day: S = Small–less than 50. M = 
Medium–50 to 200. L = Large–more than 200. Three other 
symbols are used to express the type of soybean processing 
equipment used: X = Extraction (solvent). P = Screw press 
[or expeller]. H = Hydraulic press.
 “1. Mills specializing in soybeans. Arkansas–West 
Memphis: Arkansas Mills, Inc. (MX). Wilson: Wilson Soya 
Corporation (MXP). Delaware–Laurel: Laurel Processing 
Co. (SX).
 “Illinois–Alhambra: Alhambra Grain and Feed Co. 
(SP). Bartonville: Allied Mills, Inc. (LP). Bloomington: 
Funk Brothers Seed Co. (MP). Ralston Purina Co. (LX). 
Champaign: Swift and Co. (LXP). Chicago: Archer-Daniels-
Midland Co. (MX). The Glidden Co. (LXP). Spencer 
Kellogg and Sons, Inc. (LP). Colchester: Colchester 
Processing Co. (SP). Decatur: Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. 
(LXP). Decatur Soy Products Co. (MP). Spencer Kellogg 
and Sons, Inc. (LXP). A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co. (LXP). 
Galesburg: Galesburg Soy Products Co. (MP). Gibson City: 
Central Soya Co., Inc. (LXP). Kankakee: Borden’s Soy 
Processing Co. (MX). Mascoutah: Phillip H. Postel Milling 
Co. (SP). Monmouth: Ralph Wells and Co. (SP). Nashville: 
Huegly Elevator Co. (SP). Norris City: Norris City Milling 
Co. (SP). Pana: Shellabarger Soybean Mills (MP). Poplar 
Grove: Northern Illinois Processing Corporation (SP). 
Quincy: Quincy Soybean Products Co. (MP). Roanoke: 
Eureka Milling Co. (SP). Rock Falls: Sterling Soybean Co. 
(SP). Springﬁ eld: Cargill, Inc (MP). Taylorville: Allied Mills, 
Inc. (MX). Virden: Hulcher Soy Products Co. (SP).
 “Indiana–Bunker Hill: Ladd Soya, Inc. (MP). Danville: 
Hendricks County Farm Bureau Cooperative Association 
(SX). Decatur: Central Soya Co., Inc. (LXP). Frankfort: 
Swift and Co. (MX). Indianapolis: The Glidden Co. (LX). 
Lafayette: Ralston Purina Co. (MP). Marion: Hoosier 
Soybean Mills (MP). Oaktown: Knox County Farm Bureau 
Cooperative Association (SP). Portland: Haynes Soy 
Products, Inc. (MP). Rockport: Martin Serrin Co., Inc. 
(SP). Rushville: Rush County Farm Bureau Cooperative 
Association (SP). Wabash: Wabash County Farm Bureau 
Cooperative Association (SP).
 “Iowa–Belmond: General Mills, Inc. (LX). Cedar 
Rapids: Cargill, Inc. (MX). Iowa Milling Co. (MP). 
Centerville: Pillsbury Mills, Inc. (MP). Clinton: Pillsbury 
Mills, Inc. (MX). Des Moines: Spencer Kellogg and Sons, 
Inc. (LX). Swift and Co. (MP). Dike: Farmers Cooperative 
Association (SP). Dubuque: E.E. Frith Co. (SP). Eagle 
Grove: Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association 
(SP). Fairﬁ eld: Doughboy Industries, Inc. (MP). Fayette: 
Fayette Soybean Mill (SP). Fort Dodge: Cargill, Inc. (LXP). 
Gladbrook: Central Iowa Soybean Mill (MP). Hubbard: 
Boone Valley [Cooperative] Processing Association (SP). 
Iowa Falls: Ralston Purina Co. (LXP). Manly: North Iowa 
Cooperative Processing Association (SP). Marshalltown: 
Marshall Mills, Inc. (SP). Martelle: Farmers Cooperative 
Elevator (SP). Muscatine: Hawkeye Soy Products Co. (SP). 
Muscatine Processing Corporation (MX). New Hampton: 
Eastern Iowa Milling Co. (SP). Plainﬁ eld: Roach Mills (SX). 
Quimby: Simonsen Mill Rendering Plant (MP). Ralston: 
Farmers Cooperative Association (SP). Redﬁ eld: Iowa Soya 
Co. (MX). Sac City: Williams Milling Co. (MP). Sheldon: 
Big Four Cooperative Processing Association (MP). Sioux 
City: Sioux Soya Co. (MP). Spencer: Cargill, Inc. (SX). 
Washington: Cargill, Inc. (MX). Waterloo: Borden’s Soy 
Processing Co. (LXP). West Bend: West Bend Elevator Co. 
(SP).
 “Kansas–Coffeyville: Consumers Cooperative 
Association Soybean Mill (MP). Emporia: Kansas Soya 
Products Co., Inc. (MXP). Girard: Farmers Union Jobbers 
Association (SP). Hiawatha: Thomson Soy Mill (SX). 
Kansas City: Kansas Soya Products Co., Inc. (MP). Wichita: 
Soy-Rich Products, Inc. (MXP). Kentucky–Henderson: Ohio 
Valley Soybean Cooperative (MXP). Louisville: Buckeye 
Cotton Oil Co. (LXP). Louisville Soy Products Corporation 
(MX). Owensboro: Owensboro Grain Co. (MXP).

=== PAGE 70 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   70
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “Maryland–Baltimore: Soya Corporation of America 
(MP). Michigan–Concord: Concord Soya Corporation 
(SP). Saline: Soybrands, Inc. (SX). Minnesota: Lakeville: 
Consumers Soybean Mills, Inc. (MP). Mankato: Honeymead 
Mankato, Inc. (LXP). Minneapolis: Crown Iron Works Co. 
(SX). Preston: Hubbard Milling Co. (SP).
 “Missouri–Kansas City: Ralston Purina Co. (MP). 
Kennett: Hemphill Soy Products Co. (MP). Mexico: MFA 
Cooperative Grain and Feed Co. (MP). New Madrid: 
Buckeye Cotton Oil Co. (MX). St. Joseph: Dannen Mills, 
Inc. (MXP). St. Louis: Blanton Mill, Inc. (MP). Ralston 
Purina Co. (MP). Pennsylvania–Jersey Shore: Pennsylvania 
Soybean Cooperative Association (SP). Rossmoyne 
Processing Co. (?). Paoli: The Great Valley Mills (?). South 
Dakota–Sioux Falls: Western Soybean Mills (MP).
 “Tennessee–Tiptonville: West Tennessee Soya Mill, 
Inc. (LXP). Virginia–Harrisonburg: Central Chemical 
Corporation of Virginia (SP). Norfolk: Davis Milling Co. 
(SP). Portsmouth: Allied Mills, Inc. (MP). Wisconsin–
Janesville: Janesville Mills, Inc. (SP). Menomonie: 
Northwest Cooperative Mills (SP).
 “Mills processing soybeans on part-time basis.” 
Alabama (6 mills), Arkansas (13), California (7), Florida (1), 
Georgia (7), Illinois (2), Iowa (2), Kansas (1), Louisiana (9), 
Minnesota (2), Mississippi (13), Missouri (1), New York (2), 
North Carolina (14), North Dakota (1), Ohio (2), Oklahoma 
(13), Pennsylvania (2), South Carolina (4), Tennessee (4), 
Texas (27), Wisconsin (1).
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (June 2018) 
that mentions Crown Iron Works Co. in connection with 
soybeans or with solvent extraction plants.
191. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1948. Boone Valley holds 
annual meeting here. Oct. 21. p. 1.
• Summary: “Albert Koolhoff, Webster City, was re-
elected to the presidency of the Boone Valley Cooperative 
Processing Association, at the annual meeting of that 
cooperative on Wednesday evening, Oct. 13. The association 
is owned by 44 local farmer co-ops... and Consumers 
Cooperative Association, Kansas City, Missouri, operating 
two soybean plants, one at Eagle Grove and the other at 
Hubbard.” The names and towns of the newly elected 
ofﬁ cers and executive board members are given. Ed Olson 
is manager of the two plants. Paul Hudgins supervises the 
Hubbard plant.
192. Mason City Globe Gazette. 1948. Manly soybean 
processing plant votes $110,000 dividend. Dec. 7. p. 5.
• Summary: After closing the most successful year in the 
history of their company, stockholders of the North Iowa 
Co-Operative Processing association of Manly voted at their 
annual meeting at the Hotel Hanford in Mason City Monday 
to distribute approximately $110,000 in deferred dividends.
 “Since the company started its soybean operations 
Aug. 18, 1944, it has accumulated $604,704.95 in deferred 
dividends, allocated but not paid to its 38 memberships 
consisting mainly of cooperative grain elevators in North 
Iowa and southern Minnesota, according to the annual 
report prepared by Manager Glenn Pogeler. This has been 
accomplished while reducing the original capital investment 
of $130,000 to $38,000 of common stock.
 “These participating dividends were accumulated as 
follows (table): 1945–$35,858.75. 1946–$103,183.86. 1947–
$200,137.83. 1948 $265,560.51. Total–$604,740.95.
 “Not until this year did the membership decide to dip 
into this huge reservoir and pay dividends.”
 “The largest participant in the earnings was Midland 
Co-Operative Wholesale, Minneapolis, which was allocated 
$56,322.55 this year for a total deferred dividend account 
of $125,242.30 before the dividend payment action taken 
Monday goes into effect.
 “The action taken by stockholders Monday distributes 
the 1945 allocated dividends of $35,858.75 and three-fourths 
of the $103,183.86 allocation of 1946.
 “The balance sheet of the association showed a net 
working capital of $477,678.96, of which $390,212.09 
is cash in the bank. Fixed assets are on the books at 
$169,449.33.
 “Improvements in the past year included the 
construction of soybean storage bins for an additional 
110,000 bushels, making total storage capacity 140,000 
bushels. The bins, which are of steel, were built at an 
approximate cost of $75,000.
 “The plant operates 24 hours a day and 7 days a week 
with 15 employees... Manager Pogeler spends much of his 
time travelling over the territory from which the association 
draws its business.” His statement showed that 7 new 
participating members were added during the past year.
 “Earl Dean, who presided at the all day meeting which 
was attended by 200, was re-elected president for the coming 
year. The other ofﬁ cers were also re-elected.
 Photos show: (1) An external view of the plant, showing 
the company sign and the new steel bins. (2) Earl Dean. (3) 
“Glenn Pogeler–Processing plant manager.”
193. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Production Cooperative 
Association. Renamed Producers Cooperative Association.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Girard, Kansas.
Date of Introduction:  1948.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Digest. 1948. 
Dec. p. 32. “A new cooperative, Production Cooperative 
Association, with headquarters at Girard, Kansas, has 
taken over the soybean processing plant of the Farmers 
Union Jobbing Association in that city. The transaction also 
included grain elevators at Girard, Farlington and Buelah.”

=== PAGE 71 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   71
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Soybean Digest. 1949. May. p. 48. “Grits and ﬂ akes... 
The Farmers Union Jobbing Association soybean processing 
plant at Girard, Kansas, has been taken over by a new 
cooperative, Production Cooperative Association. The 
transaction involves elevators at Girard, Farlington and 
Buelah, Kansas.”
 Northern Utilization Research Branch, Agricultural 
Research Service. 1954.”Seventh Annual Cooperative 
Soybean Oil Mills Conference on problems of cooperative 
soybean oil mills.” Peoria, Illinois. 19 p. Held 3-4 May 1954 
at the Hanford Hotel, Mason City, Iowa. Publ.: June 21. 
Among the panelists were: S.O. Frey, manager, Producers 
Cooperative Association, Girard, Kansas.
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 5. Producers 
Cooperative Association (Girard, Kansas, 1948).
194. Lewis, A.J. 1949. Paints from soybean oil. Soybean 
Digest. Jan. p. 16-17.
• Summary: Presented at Cooperative Soybean Oil Mills 
Conference, Northern Regional Laboratory, May 25-27, 
1948. In the fall of 1936 NRRL’s work with soybean oil in 
protective coatings began; they “inherited the exposure test 
fences at the South Farm of the University of Illinois which 
had been constructed and used for testing the durability 
of interior and exterior paints containing up to 35 percent 
of soybean oil.” These were experimental paints made by 
various manufacturers at the request of Dr. W.L. Burlison. 
His work with interior paints began in 1931 and with exterior 
paints in 1932. Address: Paint chemist, Northern Regional 
Research Lab., Peoria, Illinois.
195. Beckel, Arthur C. 1949. Alcoholic extraction of oil from 
soybeans. Soybean Digest. May. p. 20-21.
• Summary: The solvent extraction process using ethyl 
alcohol developed by the Northern Regional Research 
Laboratory produces superior products and also a whole 
series of new products. It is also a safer process. The 
development of the process stemmed from the original 
conviction of A.K. Smith, in charge of the protein section, 
that the type of solvent used has a considerable inﬂ uence 
on both the oil and meal. Using ethyl alcohol produces an 
isolated soybean with a lighter color, more like that of casein.
 This paper was presented at the Cooperative Soybean 
Oil Mills Conference, Northern Regional Research 
Laboratory, 25-27 May 1948. Address: Northern Regional 
Research Lab., Peoria, Illinois.
196. Soybean Digest. 1949. M.F.A. mill at Mexico, Mo. 
[Missouri] (Photo caption). May. p. 30.
• Summary: This photo (4½ by 3 inches) shows the mill and 
concrete elevators from a small elevation. The lower caption 
reads: “You see the soybean processing plant and storage 
bins of Missouri Farmers Association of Mexico, Missouri. 
This ﬁ rm is installing a new Anderson Expeller for the 1949 
crop, in addition to the two now in operation. The ﬁ rm has 
been obtaining 9.79 pounds of oil [per 60 lb bushel] from the 
soybeans crushed this season. Storage capacity is 300,000 
bushels.”
197. Soybean Digest. 1949. Co-op processors meet at Peoria. 
June. p. 37.
• Summary: “Cooperative soybean oil mill operators, 
representing their organizations in 11 Midwestern, Southern, 
and Eastern states, held their second annual conference at the 
Northern Regional Research Laboratory in Peoria, Illinois, 
May 5-7. Representatives of the Northern Laboratory and 
the U.S. Department of Agriculture were also in attendance. 
The conference, arranged by the cooperative research and 
service division of the Farm Credit Administration and the 
Laboratory, dealt with oilseed processing, recent results of 
research on soybean varieties, and improvements in both 
soybean oil and oil meal for food and industrial uses.”
 Those present included: Edward Olson, manager 
Boone Valley Cooperative Association, Eagle Grove, Iowa; 
Karl Nolin, manager Farmers Cooperative Association, 
Ralston, Iowa; G.W. Allen, manager Ohio Valley Soybean 
cooperative, Henderson, Kentucky; Elmer H. Ruehrup, 
manager Alhambra Grain & Feed Co., Alhambra, Illinois.
198. Anderson (V .D.) Co. (The). 1949. Anderson solvent 
extraction units at work. Why Anderson solvent extraction 
units are preferred (Ad). Soybean Digest. Sept. p. 19-26.
• Summary: This 8-page red, black-and-white ad shows “a 
group of Anderson Solvent Extraction Units in operation 
today. Other units are in the course of manufacture or 
erection.” Anderson units have many advantages, two 
of which are the elimination of a costly building and the 
explosion hazard.
 Ten large black-and white photos show outdoor plants:
 “Muscatine Processing Corporation at Muscatine, Iowa, 
has been operating this unit processing soybeans since Feb. 
1948.
 “St. Joseph, Missouri has an Anderson Solvent 
Extraction unit which has been operated by Dannen Grain & 
Milling Company, Inc., since December 1947.
 “Columbus, Ohio. At the left is the Soy Extraction 
Corporation unit which has been operating in Columbus 
since December 1947.
 “Wooster, Ohio. In September 1947, this unit located in 
Wooster, was ﬁ rst put into operation by the Soya Processing 
Company.
 “Mankato, Minnesota. Here’s a 150-200 ton 24-hour 
unit that began its operation by the Honeymead Products Co. 
in the spring of 1949.

=== PAGE 72 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   72
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “Delphos, Ohio, also has one of the latest Anderson 
Extraction Unit Constructions, and started operation in early 
1949. It is owned by Delphos Grain and Soya Products Co.
 “Henderson, Kentucky. Ohio Valley Soybean 
Cooperative began their operation early in 1949.
 “Louisville, Kentucky. In July 1948 the Louisville Soy 
Products Company put this unit into operation.
 “South Africa. A Johannesburg, the Union & Congo., 
Ltd., opened up this unit in February of 1949.
 “Red Wing, Minnesota. Still another Solvent Extractor 
Unit is now at Work in the Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co. plant 
at Red Wing, Minnesota.” Address: 1935 West 96th St., 
Cleveland 2, Ohio.
199. National Soybean Processors Association. 1949. Year 
book, 1949-1950 (Association year). Chicago, Illinois. 73 p.
• Summary: On the cover (but not the title page) is written: 
“Year Book and Trading Rules, 1949-1950.” Contents: 
Constitution and by-laws (incl. committees, code of ethics). 
Ofﬁ cers, directors and committees for 1949-50. Membership 
of the National Soybean Processors Association. Trading 
rules governing the purchase and sale of soybean oil meal. 
Appendix to trading rules on soybean oil meal: Ofﬁ cial 
methods of analysis (moisture, protein, oil, crude ﬁ ber–
ofﬁ cial, sampling of soybean oil meal). Trading rules 
on soybean oil. Appendix to trading rules on soybean 
oil: Uniform sales contract, standard speciﬁ cations for 
crude soybean oil for technical uses, methods of analysis 
(A.O.C.S. ofﬁ cial methods): Reﬁ ning loss (expeller and 
hydraulic soybean oil)–Ca 9a-41, reﬁ ning loss (extracted 
soybean oil)–Ca 9b-46, reﬁ ning loss (degummed hydraulic 
and extracted types soybean oil)–Ca 9c-49, reﬁ ning loss 
(degummed expeller type soybean oil)–Ca 9d-49, bleaching 
test (reﬁ ned soybean oil)–Cc 8b-49, grading soybean oil for 
color (N.S.P.A. tentative method), color–Wesson method 
using Lovibond glasses–Cc 13b-45, sampling–C 1-47, ﬂ ash 
point (A.O.C.S. tentative method–Cc 9b-48). Moisture and 
volatile matter: Vacuum oven method–Ca 2d-25. Break 
test–Modiﬁ ed Gardner method–Ca 10-40. Iodine value–Wijs 
method–Cd 1-25. Unsaponiﬁ able matter–Ca 6a-40.
 Handwritten: Soybean Farming is now available; prices 
are given for non-members and members, for 100 to 1,000 
copies. Assessments: Regular $.0004 per bushel, 40 cents per 
1,000, $400 per million. Max. $3,200 per year. Min. $100 
per year. July 6 meeting decreases the regular assessment to 
$0.0003 per bushel.
 The section titled “Of ﬁ cers, directors, and committees” 
(p. 12-15) states: President: R.G. Houghtlin. V .P., 
Chairman Executive Committee: G.G. Golseth. Secretary: 
W.L. Shellabarger. Treasurer: H.E. Carpenter. Executive 
Committee: R.G. Golseth, Chairman, H.E. Carpenter, E.A. 
Cayce, Philip S. Duff, W.H. Eastman, Jasper Giovanna, R.G. 
Houghtlin, W.L. Shellabarger.
 Board of Directors (Term expiring Sept. 1950): D.O. 
Andreas, E.A. Cayce, Jasper Giovanna, R.G. Golseth, H.R. 
Schultz, H.R. Scroggs. (Term expiring Sept. 1951): Dwight 
Dannen, Roger Drackett, W.H. Eastman, R.B. Jude, W.H. 
Knapp, Karl Nolin. (Term expiring Sept. 1952): S.E. Kramer, 
Philip S. Duff, D.W. McMillen, Jr., Clarence E. Peters, J.J. 
Quinlan, Ralph Wells.
 Standing committees: For each committee, the names 
of all members (with the chairman designated), with the 
company and company address of each are given–Trafﬁ c 
and transportation. Technical. Soybean grades and contracts. 
Oil trading rules. Meal trading rules. Crop improvement. 
Soybean research council. Uniform rules and standards for 
soybean oil meal. Safety and insurance. Lecithin. Regional: 
Ohio, Michigan, and East; Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, 
Wisconsin; Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska, South Dakota; 
Missouri, Kansas, and Mississippi River Delta Sections. 
Handwritten on blank facing pages: Nominating committee. 
Reception committee. Ofﬁ cial weights committee. Crop 
Improvement steering committee. Two new members 
(people; Francis E. Calvert, The Drackett Co., Oct. 1949).
 The following organizations, and individuals are 
members of NSPA: Albers Milling Co., Los Angeles, 
California (W.P. Kyle). Allied Mills, Inc., Board of Trade 
Bldg., Chicago, Illinois; Peoria, Illinois; Taylorville, 
Illinois; Omaha, Nebraska; Portsmouth, Virginia. Archer-
Daniels-Midland Co., Box 839, Minneapolis 2, Minnesota; 
Chicago, Illinois; Decatur, Illinois; Fredonia, Kansas. Big 
4 Cooperative Processing Assn., Sheldon, Iowa (Chas. 
W. Hanson). Blanton Mill, Inc., St. Louis, Missouri (Ross 
A. Woolsey, Jr.). Boone Valley Cooperative Processing 
Assn. Eagle Grove, Iowa (Edward Olson); Hubbard, Iowa 
(D.E. Weld). Borden’s Soy Processing Co., Chicago 4, 
Illinois (C.E. Butler -> J.R. Pentis); Kankakee, Illinois; 
Waterloo, Iowa. Buckeye Cotton Oil Co. (The), Cincinnati, 
Ohio (W.H. Knapp); Louisville, Kentucky; New Madrid, 
Missouri; Raleigh, North Carolina; Memphis, Tennessee. 
Cargill, Inc., Minneapolis, Minnesota (D.O. Andreas); 
Springﬁ eld, Illinois (Eric Nadel); Cedar Rapids, Iowa (C.W. 
Bohlander); Fort Dodge, Iowa (H.E. Marxhausen -> R.F. 
Hubbard); Spencer, Iowa (W.J. Wheeler); Washington, Iowa 
(Hugo Lensch). Central Iowa Bean Mill, Gladbrook, Iowa 
(Paul H. Klinefelter). Central Soya Co., Inc., Fort Wayne 
2, Indiana (E.W. McMillen, Jr.); Gibson City, Illinois (T.H. 
Allwein); Decatur, Indiana (C.I. Finlayson); Marion, Ohio 
(R.W. Fay). Clinton Industries, Inc., Clinton, Iowa (E.W. 
Myers). Colchester Processing Co., E. St. Louis, Illinois 
(E.L. McKee). Concord Soya Corporation, Concord, 
Michigan (Harold K. Rapp; crossed out). Consumers Co-
op Assn., Kansas City 13, Missouri (F. Dean McCammon). 
Consumers Soybean Mills, Minneapolis 15, Minnesota 
(Riley W. Lewis). Dannen Grain & Milling Co., St. Joseph, 
Missouri (Dwight L. Dannen). Decatur Soy Products Co., 
Decatur, Illinois (Jasper Giovanna). Delphos Grain and 
Soya Products Co., Delphos, Ohio (Floyd E. Hiegel). 

=== PAGE 73 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   73
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Doughboy Industries, Inc., Fairﬁ eld, Iowa. Drackett Co. 
(The), Cincinnati 32, Ohio (Roger Drackett). Eastern Iowa 
Milling Co., New Hampton, Iowa (G.A. Ward). Farmers 
Cooperative Assn., Ralston, Iowa (Karl Nolin). Farmers 
Cooperative Co., Dike, Iowa (C.M. Gregory). Farmers 
Cooperative Elevator, Martelle, Iowa (H.B. Lovig). Fayette 
Soybean Mill, Fayette, Iowa (L.A. Rose). Fremont Cake 
and Meal Corp., Fremont, Nebraska (Harry E. Wiysel). 
Frith (E.E.) Company Inc., Dubuque, Iowa (E.M. Weicher). 
Funk Bros. Seed Co., Bloomington, Illinois (H.A. Abbott). 
Galesburg Soy Products Co., Galesburg, Illinois (Max 
Albert). General Mills, Inc., Chem. Div., Minneapolis 1, 
Minnesota (W.H. Eastman); Belmond, Iowa (E.E. Woolley). 
Glidden Co. (The), Chicago 39, Illinois (R.G. Golseth). 
Gooch Milling & Elevator Co., Lincoln 1, Nebraska (M.R. 
Eighmy). Haynes Soy Products Inc., Portland, Indiana 
(Clarence E. Peters). Hemphill Soy Products Co., Kennett, 
Missouri (W.A. Hemphill). Holland Pioneer Mills, Inc., 
Ohio City, Ohio (G.A. Holland). Honeymead Products Co., 
Mankato, Minnesota (L.W. Andreas); Hoosier Soybean 
Mills, Inc., Marion, Indiana (J.H. Caldwell, Jr.). Huegely 
Elevator Co., Nashville, Illinois (J.W. Huegely). Hulcher 
Soy Products, Virden, Illinois (Norman E. Hulcher). Iowa 
Milling Co., Cedar Rapids, Iowa (Jos. Sinaiko). Iowa 
Soy Co., Redﬁ eld, Iowa (H.R. Straight). Ipava Farmers 
Processing Co., Ipava, Illinois (F.P. Brown). Janesville 
Mills, Inc., Janesville, Wisconsin (A. Roger Hook). Kansas 
Soya Products Co. (The), Emporia, Kansas (Ted W. Lord); 
Kansas City 3, Kansas (Richard W. Lord). Ladd Soya, Inc., 
Bunker Hill, Indiana (Wayne Ladd). Lexington Soy Products 
Co. (The), Lexington, Ohio (H.E. Carpenter). Louisville 
Soy Products Corp., Louisville, Kentucky (H.A. Miller). 
Marshall Mills Inc., Marshalltown, Iowa (J.I. Johnson). 
Muscatine Processing Corp., Muscatine, Iowa (G.A. Kent). 
North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association, Manly, 
Iowa (Glenn Pogeler). Northwest Cooperative Mills, St. 
Paul, Minnesota (Anthony H. Roffers). Ohio Valley Soybean 
Co-op, Henderson, Kentucky (G.W. Allen). Owensboro 
Grain Co., Owensboro, Kentucky (William M. O’Bryan). 
Paciﬁ c Vegetable Oil Corp., San Francisco 7, California 
(B.T. Rocca, Jr.). Pillsbury Soy Mills, Clinton, Iowa (H.R. 
Schultz); Centerville, Iowa (H.R. Schultz). Postel (Ph. H.) 
Milling Co., Mascoutah, Illinois (A.S. Lee). Quincy Soybean 
Products Co., Quincy, Illinois (Irving Rosen). Ralston Purina 
Co., St. Louis 2, Missouri (D.B. Walker); Kansas City, 
Missouri (F.G. Franze); Lafayette, Indiana (Ralph Guenther); 
Iowa Falls, Iowa (H.N. Johnson); Circleville, Ohio (A.V . 
Couch); Champaign, Illinois -> Bloomington, Illinois (N.B. 
Morey). Roach Soybean Mills, Plainﬁ eld, Ohio (Howard 
L. Roach). Shellabarger Soybean Mills, Inc., Decatur 30, 
Illinois (W.L. Shellabarger). Simonsen Mill Rendering 
Plant, Quimby, Iowa (W.E. Simonsen). Sioux Soya Co., 
Sioux City 2, Iowa (J.L. Ward). Southern Cotton Oil Co. 
(The), Goldsboro, North Carolina (W.V . Westmoreland); 
Tarboro, North Carolina (W.A. Moore). Southland Cotton 
Oil Co., Paris, Texas (Richard H. Blyth). Soya Processing 
Co., Wooster, Ohio (H.H. Heeman). Soya Extraction Div., 
Continental Grain Co., Columbus 9, Ohio (D.H. Wilson–
company crossed out). Soy-Rich Products, Inc., Wichita, 
Kansas (Ralph S. Moore). Spencer Kellogg and Sons, Inc., 
Buffalo 5, New York (Robert B. Jude); Chicago, Illinois; 
Decatur, Illinois; Des Moines, Iowa; Bellevue, Ohio (Harry 
Stokely). Sterling Soybean Co., Inc., Rock Falls, Illinois 
(Edward J. McGinn). Swift & Co., Union Stock Yards, 
Chicago 9, Illinois (S.E. Cramer). Thomson Soya Products, 
Hiawatha, Kansas (A.G. Thomson). Toledo Soybean 
Products Co., Toledo, Ohio (J.H. Brown). Wells (Ralph) & 
Co., Monmouth, Illinois (Ralph Wells). West Bend Elevator 
Co., West Bend, Iowa (R.W. Jurgens). Western Soybean 
Mills, Sioux Falls, South Dakota (E.A. Woodward). Williams 
Milling Co., Sac City, Iowa (Leo W. Williams).
 Organizations represented on committees: U.S. Regional 
Soybean Laboratory, Urbana, Illinois (John C. Cowan, R.T. 
Milner).
 Handwritten: New members added since publication 
of the Trading Rules Book–1949. Falk & Co., Pittsburgh, 
Pennsylvania (Willard Lighter, Jan. 1950). Minnesota 
Linseed Oil Co., Minneapolis 21, Minnesota (R.J. Lundquist, 
May 1950). Farmers & Merchants Milling Co., Glencoe, 
Minnesota (L.H. Patten, Mgr., May 1950). Riverside Oil 
Mill, Marks, Mississippi (William King Self, Aug. 1950). 
Planters Manufacturing Co., Clarksdale, Mississippi (A.K. 
Shaefer, Sept. 1950).
 Associate Members: Arcady Farms Milling Co., 
Chicago 6, Illinois. Armour & Co., Chicago 9, Illinois 
(John H. Noble). Aubrey & Co., Louisville, Kentucky. 
Best Foods, Inc., New York, NY . Capital City Products 
Co., Columbus, Ohio. Cooperative Mills Inc., Baltimore 
30, Maryland. Cox (Chas. M.) Co., Boston, Massachusetts. 
Foxbilt Inc., Des Moines, Iowa. Humco Co. (The), Memphis 
1, Tennessee. Kraft Foods Co., Chicago, Illinois. Lever Bros 
Co., Lever House, Cambridge, Massachusetts. Pittsburgh 
Plate Glass Co., Paint Div., Pittsburgh, PA. Procter & 
Gamble Co., Cincinnati, Ohio. Spartan Grain & Mill Co., 
Inc., Spartanburgh, South Carolina. Tuckers (Mrs.) Foods, 
Inc., Sherman, Texas. Wilson & Co., Chicago, Illinois. 
Handwritten: New Associate Members: Clark Mills Inc., 
Minneapolis 15, Minnesota.
 Note: Apparently Continental Grain Co. was not a 
member this year. They were a member by 1975. Address: 
3818 Board of Trade Building, Chicago 4, Illinois.
200. Soybean Digest. 1949. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: Farmers Cooperative Elevator at Martelle, Iowa. 
Sept. p. 110.
• Summary: “Four new storage silos are under construction 
for the soybean processing plant of the Farmers Cooperative 
Elevator at Martelle, Iowa. They will give the plant and 

=== PAGE 74 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   74
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
additional 75,000 to 80,000 bushels storage capacity.”
201. Soybean Digest. 1949. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: Boone Valley Co-op Processing Association, Eagle 
Grove, Iowa. Oct. p. 36.
• Summary: “... recently held an open house celebrating the 
opening of its new soybean processing mill and feed-mixing 
plant. The ﬁ reproof structure was built by Weitz & Co., Des 
Moines, Iowa.”
202. Grain & Feed Journals Consolidated. 1950. Large 
elevator at Dike, Ia [Iowa]. Jan. 25. p. 14.
• Summary: “Growth of the Farmers Co-operative Co. at 
Dike, Iowa, is well indicated by the engraving on front cover.
 “The completion of a 200,000 bushel reinforced 
concrete annex this past summer brought the plant’s total 
storage capacity up to 510,000 bus. [bushels], making this 
one of the largest country storage units in the middle west.
 “The annex consists of six large bins and two interstice 
bins which are ﬁ lled by means of a 30” [inch wide] belt 
conveyor ad tripper from the 250,000-bu. reinforced concrete 
elevator. The bins discharge to a 24” belt conveyor in the 
basement where the grain is carried to the elevator leg from 
where it is spouted to the soy bean processing plant or loaded 
into freight cars or trucks.”
 Much of the success of this co-op is due to the able 
management of C.M. Gregory, manager since 1938 and 
the progressiveness of the directors headed by H. Dieken, 
president. All of the storage facilities were designed 
and constructed over the past 13 years by the Tillotson 
Construction Co. of Omaha, Nebraska.
203. American Soybean Assoc. 1950. Activities of your 
association [ASA]: Joint effort by producers and processors. 
Soybean Digest. Jan. p. 6, 8.
• Summary: “The ﬁ rst big step in an all out program to 
increase the consumption of soybean products through 
sales and education has been taken by a number of Iowa 
processors during the past month. These processors are 
joining the producers in putting up hard cash to make it 
possible for the American Soybean Association to carry out 
such a program on a scale large enough to be effective.
 “The idea that processors should back the Association 
ﬁ nancially since they have at least as large a stake as 
producers in the soybean crop originated with a group of 
Iowa processors.
 “ASA Secretary-Treasurer Geo. M. Strayer presented a 
deﬁ nite proposal at the regional processor meeting held in 
Des Moines, Iowa, Nov. 20. The proposal as presented by 
Strayer was this:
 “1–The American Soybean Association and participating 
processors will jointly ﬁ nance a selling and educational 
program designed to increase the knowledge of and 
consumption of soybean products.
 “2–The American Soybean Association will continue 
with its grower-ﬁ nanced program, with soybean buyers 
as the collecting agency. Producers will contribute 20¢ 
per 100 bushels from their crop. Participating processors 
will contribute at the outset 50¢ per 1,000 bushels on their 
monthly crush.
 “3–A committee will be named by participating 
processors to meet with the executive committee of the 
American Soybean Association. They will advise planning of 
the program and expenditures of funds.
 “4–Any program of the type planned must be kept 
ﬂ exible and be designed to meet day-to-day and week-to-
week problems. At the same time certain over all objectives 
can be formulated.
 “Strayer pointed out that in the light of present 
developments it is necessary that processors and growers 
should join to increase consumption of soy products. With 
the increased acreage of soybeans that is in prospect it is 
imperative that large volume markets for both soybean oil 
and meal be found rapidly if the prices of these products are 
to remain high enough for the processor to pay the producer 
a fair price and still make a proﬁ t on his operations.
 “What Might Be Done: Some of the jobs that must be 
done at the present time as Strayer saw them are:
 “1–Secure new markets for soybean oil here at home. 
Many people in the industry have forgotten that soy oil won 
its present place in our economy during a time when there 
was a scarcity of other oils with which industry was more 
familiar. Now that we have a plentiful supply of oils there 
is a natural tendency by industry to return to the oils it was 
using before the war.
 “It is our job to sell vegetable oil users such as 
manufacturers of margarine and shortening on the fact that 
there are advantages to be gained by the continued use of 
soybean oil.
 “2–We should go after the foreign oil markets. There is a 
big demand in Europe for oil if only the money exchange can 
be arranged. We should give what aid we can in arranging 
that exchange. Certainly we should see that Europeans get 
the right types of soybean oil for their needs and that they 
understand how to use U.S. soybean oil to best advantage.
 “3–At the same time we should give all aid and 
encouragement possible to the development of new uses and 
markets for soy oil so there will be a call for the excess.
 “4–The mixed feed industry is taking large quantities 
of soybean oil meal and promises to use even more in the 
future. But the market for meal will be on a much sounder 
base if new large volume uses are found. Time and energy 
should be expended toward that end.
 “5–We should be in Europe now pointing out how soy 
ﬂ our can ﬁ ll the people’s protein needs, which are very great. 
We should make sure that they obtain the right kind of soy 
ﬂ our to ﬁ ll these needs, and that they know the proper way to 
handle it.

=== PAGE 75 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   75
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “6–A long time educational program should be started 
to sell food processors and consumers on the value of soy as 
an ingredient in commercial food products and to convince 
consumers that they should call for food containing soy 
products at the grocery counter.
 “7–The industry should be in a position to present 
a united front at Washington [DC] on matters affecting 
soybeans. Whether we like it or not many decisions vitally 
affecting our interests will continue to be made there. At the 
time of going to press the following processors had agreed 
with Strayer that we have mutual problems that can only be 
solved by joint effort of producers and processors through 
the Association:
 “Farmers Cooperative Co., C.M. Gregory, Dike; E.E. 
Frith Co., E.M. Wiecher, Dubuque; Central Iowa Bean Mill, 
Paul H. Klinefelter, Glad-brook; North Iowa Cooperative 
Processing Association, Glenn Pogeler, Manly; Farmers 
Cooperative Elevator, Henry B. Lovig, Martelle.
 “Roach Soybean Mill. John P. Roach, Plain ﬁ eld; 
Simonsen Mill-Rendering Plant, D.W. Simonsen, Quimby; 
Farmers Cooperative Association, Karl Nolin, Ralston; Iowa 
Soya Co., Inc., H.R. Straight, Redﬁ eld; Williams Milling 
Co., Leo W. Williams, Sac City.
 “Big 4 Cooperative Processing Association, Charles W. 
Hanson, Sheldon; Hawkeye Soy Products Co., L.R. McKee, 
Muscatine; Sioux Soya Co., Henry Sherman, Sioux City; 
Eastern Iowa Milling Co., G.A. Ward, New Hampton; West 
Bend Elevator Co., R.W. Jurgens, West Bend; Marshall 
Mills, Inc., J.I. Johnson, Marshalltown; and Fayette Soybean 
Mill, L.A. Rose, Fayette.”
 A photo shows soybean processor C.M. Gregory of 
Dike, Iowa, seated at a table with pen and paper, as he signs 
the ﬁ rst contract with ASA.
204. Soybean Digest. 1950. The Peoria conference. Feb. p. 
17.
• Summary: “About 135 soybean processors and others 
heard industry problems and new developments discussed 
by qualiﬁ ed experts at the 2-day soybean conference at the 
Northern Regional Research Laboratory in Peoria Jan. 16-17.
 “The morning session of the second day was devoted to 
recent research at the laboratory and covered the soybean oil 
taste panel, lime as a hardening agent in soybean oil paints 
and the effect of metals on edible oil quality.
 “Other papers covered such widely divergent subjects 
as new varieties, the soybean industry in Europe, hedging 
problems, methods of processing, quality of soybean oil meal 
in feed formulation and promotion of soy ﬂ our.
 “Speakers on the program included: J.L. Cartter, 
director, U.S. Regional Soybean Laboratory; Geo. M. 
Strayer, secretary-treasurer, American Soybean Association; 
C.E. Robinson, futures trading analyst, Commodity 
Exchange Authority.
 “W.H. Goss, associate director, department of scienti ﬁ c 
research and technical development, Pillsbury Mills, Inc.; 
R.C. Holder, director, nutritional department, Central Soya 
Co., Indiana; R.G. Brierley, vice chairman, executive board, 
Soya Food Research Council.
 “A.J. Lewis, chemist industrial oil section, oil and 
protein division, Northern Regional Research Laboratory; 
Helen Moser, food technologist, oil and protein division, 
NRRL; C.D. Evans, in charge, edible oil section, oil and 
protein division, NRRL; and J.H. Dean, assistant director, 
cotton branch, Production and Marketing Administration.
 “A speech by Martin Sorkin, grain branch, Production 
and Marketing Administration, on ‘Acreage Allotments 
for Soybeans and Other Oil Crops,’ was cancelled. It was 
announced from the ﬂ oor that the talk would not be given 
since no acreage allotment program for soybeans had been 
set up.
 “Presiding at the sessions were R.G. Houghtlin, 
president of the National Soybean Producers Association 
[sic, National Soybean Processors Association], Chicago, 
Illinois; and R.T. Milner, director of the Laboratory [NRRL].
 “States represented at the conference included: Illinois, 
Ohio, Indiana, Minnesota, Pennsylvania, Iowa, Missouri, 
Mississippi, Wisconsin, Massachusetts, Kansas, Kentucky, 
Alabama, New York, Georgia, Tennessee, Delaware, 
Nebraska, Michigan and Washington, D.C.
 “Three of the papers given at the conference are carried 
in this issue of the Soybean Digest. Others will be published 
in future issues.
 “Photos of informal groups at the conference shown on 
this page were taken by Kent Pellett, managing editor of the 
Soybean Digest.”
 Five photos show groups of people at the conference 
talking and listening. The captions read: (1) “At left, two 
agronomists talk shop: C.R. Weber, U.S. Regional Soybean 
Laboratory, Ames, Iowa; and C.V . Feaster, Missouri 
Agricultural Experiment Station, Columbia, Missouri.
 (2) “In center, part of the group at the soybean 
conference in Peoria Jan. 16-17. At far left you see Director 
R. T. Milner of the Northern Regional Research Laboratory, 
host to the conference.
 (3) “At right, visiting between sessions are O.H. 
Alderks, manager technical division, Buckeye Cotton Oil 
Co., Ivorydale, Ohio; and H.A. Abbott, manager soybean 
division, Funk Bros. Seed Co., Bloomington, Illinois.
 (4) “Below, Iowans compare notes: Henry B. Lovig, 
manager Farmers Cooperative Elevator, Martelle; C.W. 
Bolander, manager Cargill, Inc., Cedar Rapids; and C.F. 
Brooker, director North Iowa Processing Association, Manly.
 (5) “Below, a Kansas-Nebraska-Missouri foursome. Left 
to right, E.A. Gumbert, vice president Dannen Mills, Inc., St. 
Joseph, Mo.; Harry E. Wiysel, secretary-treasurer, Fremont 
(Nebraska) Cake & Meal Co.; T.W. Lord, president Kansas 
Soya Products Co., Emporia, Kansas; and A. G. Thomson, 
Thomson Soya Mill, Hiawatha, Kansas.”

=== PAGE 76 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   76
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
205. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Glencoe Soybean 
Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmers & Merchants Milling Co., 
Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Glencoe, Minnesota.
Date of Introduction:  1950 April.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Digest. 1950. 
Aug. p. 6. Ad (1/3 page horizontal) by Crown Iron Works 
(Minneapolis, Minnesota) for “New soybean oil extraction 
plant: Crown safe solvent process producing high quality 
meal.” This plant in Glencoe, Minnesota, was recently 
purchased by the Farmers & Merchants Milling Co. “Solvent 
used is non-explosive, non-inﬂ ammable Trichloroethylene. 
Note: This same ad ran in the Dec. 1950 issue (p. 26).
Soybean Digest. 1950. Oct. p. 18-19. “Two non-
ﬂ ammable solvent plants in Minnesota.” The Farmers & 
Merchants Milling Co. of Glencoe, Minnesota, has been in 
operation since 1 April 1950; L.H. Patten is plant manager. 
The plant uses the trichloroethylene solvent process 
developed at Iowa State College. Crown Iron Works Co. of 
Minneapolis built and installed the machinery for the plant 
under franchise rights from Iowa State College.
Soybean Blue Book. 1950. p. 70. “Processors of 
soybeans.” Minnesota–Glencoe: Farmers & Merchants 
Milling Co., Inc., 1011 Elliot. President: Lars Liefson. Vice 
president: John Bednar. Secretary: Hubert Smith. Treasurer: 
Frank Heaney. Head soybean buyer, etc.: L.H. Patten. Plant 
superintendent: Warren Pleasels; ass’t mgr. C.J. Olson. 
Trichlorethylene solvent. Processing capacity: 25 tons/day. 
Storage capacity: 20,000 bushels. “Glencoe” meals, feeds, 
pellets.
206. Soybean Digest. 1950. Co-op operators to meet in 
Peoria, Illinois. April. p. 33.
• Summary: A conference of cooperative soybean oil mill 
operators will be held on May 1 to 3 in Peoria, Illinois, at the 
Northern Regional Research Laboratory. The conference is 
being arranged jointly by the Laboratory and the cooperative 
research and service division, Farm Credit Administration, 
Washington, DC.
207. Soybean Digest. 1950. Operators from 10 states 
at Peoria [Conference of cooperative soybean oil mill 
operators]. June. p. 19.
• Summary: “What has developed into an annual conference 
of cooperative soybean oil mill operators was held again this 
year at the Northern Regional Research Laboratory, May 
1-3.”
208. Columbia Missourian. 1950. M.F.A. [Missouri Farmers 
Association] to build new soy storage. July 11. p. 2, col. 1.
• Summary: “Increased soybean production has made it 
necessary to expand storage facilities by 350,000 bushels 
at the M.F.A. Cooperative Grain and Feed Mill in Mexico, 
Missouri, ofﬁ cials said here today.
 “Most Boone County soybeans will be processed by the 
Mexico plant. The Centralia region near Mexico is the largest 
producer of soybeans in Boone County and Audrain County 
[in which Mexico, Missouri, is located] is expected to market 
more than a million bushels.
 “Cost of the new facilities by Jones and Hettlesater 
Construction Company of Kansas City [Missouri], is 
estimated at about $195,000.”
209. Soybean Digest. 1950. Iowa processing plant (Photo 
caption). July. p. 18.
• Summary: This ¼ page photo shows the soybean 
processing plant operated by the Farmers Cooperative 
Elevator at Martelle, Iowa. Using only one screw press, it 
makes Felco soybean oil meal and also uses this meal in 
the Felco line of mixed feeds. Henry B. Lovig is the ﬁ rm’s 
manager.
210. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmers Cooperative Elevator 
Association.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Blooming Prairie, Minnesota.
Date of Introduction:  1950 August.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Digest. 1950. 
Aug. p. 40. “Grits and ﬂ akes... Formal opening of the solvent 
processing plant of the Farmers Cooperative Association, 
Blooming Prairie, Minnesota, will be held Aug. 27. Plant 
uses the Iowa State trichloroethylene process. Installation 
was by Crown Iron Works Co., Minneapolis.
Soybean Digest. 1950. “Two non-ﬂ ammable solvent 
plants in Minnesota.” Oct. p. 18-19. The Farmers 
Cooperative Elevator Co. in Blooming Prairie, Minnesota, 
formally celebrated their opening on Aug. 7. They use the 
trichloroethylene solvent process developed at Iowa State 
College. Note: The plant of 25 tons/day capacity was built 
and installed here in 1950 by Crown Iron Works.
Soybean Blue Book. 1951. p. 68. “Processors of 
soybeans.” Minnesota–Blooming Prairie: Farmers Co-op 
Elevator Assn., Soybean Processing Div. President: Ormanzo 
Peterson. Vice president: Harold Symes. Secretary-treasurer: 
T.B. Peterson. Head soybean buyer, etc.: Wilbur P. Bidne. 
Plant superintendent: Don Sandberg. Trichlorethylene 
solvent. Processing capacity: 25 tons/day. Storage capacity: 
120,000 bushels. “Prairie” 44% soybean oil meal. “Prairie” 
44% soybean ﬂ akes. “Farmers Best” feeds.
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 

=== PAGE 77 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   77
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
p. July. See p. 10. Table 5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing plants that had ceased operations as of 1970.” 
12. Farmers Cooperative Elevator Association (Blooming 
Prairie, Minnesota, 1950).
211. Soybean Digest. 1950. Two non-ﬂ ammable solvent 
plants in Minnesota. Oct. p. 18-19.
• Summary: The Farmers & Merchants Milling Co. of 
Glencoe, Minnesota, has been in operation since 1 April 
1950; L.H. Patten is plant manager. The Farmers Cooperative 
Elevator Co. in Blooming Prairie, Minnesota, formally 
celebrated their opening on Aug. 7.
 Both plants use the trichloroethylene solvent process 
developed at Iowa State College. This type of plants are 
the brainchild of Dr. O.R. Sweeney (head of the chemical 
engineering department for more than 25 years) and Dr. 
L.K. Arnold (research professor of chemical engineering). 
Crown Iron Works Co. of Minneapolis built and installed the 
machinery for both plants under franchise rights from Iowa 
State College. Details are given of the Glencoe plant and the 
Blooming Prairie plant. The process and ﬂ ow of material 
through the plants. Photos show the plant at Blooming 
Prairie: (1) The outside from ground level. (2) The inside.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (June 2006) 
stating that Crown Iron Works Co. has installed a soybean 
solvent extraction plant.
212. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1950. Plan construction 
of co-op soybean processing plant here next year. 67(11):1. 
Nov. 17. Friday.
• Summary: A meeting of a group of representative farmers 
of the Dawson trade area and the Service Club committee 
held in the Carnegie Library basement last Thursday 
evening (Nov. 9) resulted in assurances that a soybean 
processing plant, part of a new and important industry, will 
be established at Dawson next year. For about a month, Glen 
E. Blomquist, J.C. Hanson, Bert Dahl, and A.R. Lee, acting 
as a committee representing the farmers, together with the 
Service Club, have been making a thorough investigation 
as to the feasibility and cost of a plant for the extraction of 
oil from soybeans and production of feeds from the soybean 
meal. “They visited several large and small plants and 
inquired into manufacturing processes, plant costs, cost of 
operation, labor requirements, marketing, proﬁ ts and other 
related questions and their report to the meeting indicates 
that such a plant is particularly adopted to a cooperative type 
of association, and it seems entirely reasonable that such a 
plant should return a net proﬁ t of ﬁ fteen or more cents per 
bushel, most of which can be prorated back to the [soybean] 
producers as patronage dividends.” A major saving will be in 
the cost of shipping soybeans.
 The new plant is estimated to cost about $150,000 for 
building, machinery, and storage of about 50,000 bushels. 
About $20,000 was pledged at the meeting. Representatives 
of local elevators were present at the meeting and said 
they could make arrangements for handling beans and for 
additional storage. Initially, the plant will process about 
835 bushels per day. A large photo shows the “Crown Iron 
soybean installation at Blooming Prairie, Minnesota.”
 Note 1. This is the earliest published document seen 
(Nov. 2021) concerning the Tri-County Co-operative Soy 
Bean Association (Dawson, Minnesota)–although that name 
does not appear here. After late 1951 it was usually called 
the Tri-County Soy Bean Co-operative, then was renamed 
Dawson Mills in 1969. Note 2. This article is not continued 
on page 7–despite note at end of article on page 1.
213. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Contracts let for 
new soy bean plant; Construction to start at once. 67(25):1. 
Feb. 23.
• Summary: Ground was broken Monday (Feb. 19) for the 
new soybean plant to be built in Dawson on the railroad right 
of way just west of the Dawson Produce Elevator. “Mayor 
Gay Throndrud dug the ﬁ rst spadeful of dirt in the presence 
of about 50 men who have been interested in the promotion 
and organization of the new plant. Contracts were let last 
week, with all contracts going to local bidders.”
 “Nearly $125,000 worth of stock has been sold up to 
the time of letting contracts, and activities will be stepped up 
during the next few weeks in disposing of the balance of the 
$200,000 set as the goal.”
 A photo, titled “Directors and soy bean committee,” 
shows standing outdoors (left to right): Mayor Throndrud, 
Melvin Knutson, Carl Barkeus, Merrill Lund, Carl Hanson, 
John Hanson, Art Lee, Glenn Blomquist, Bert Dahl.
214. Soybean News (NSCIC). 1951. Champions grow big 
yields. 2(3):1, 4. Feb.
• Summary: “Indiana Champions: The winner in the 1950 
Indiana 5-Acre Soybean Yield Contest was Robert F. Taylor 
of Arcadia with 51.7 bu. per acre of Hawkeye. Chas. M. 
Maddox of Otterbein was next with 50.8 bu. of Hawkeye. In 
third place was John Calvin Carson of Cicero with a yield of 
50.6 bu. with the Lincoln variety. Seven more of the Indiana 
contestants ﬁ nished with yields above 44.5 bu. Three of 
those ﬁ nishing in the ﬁ rst ten grew Lincoln and the other 
seven grew Hawkeye.
 “Iowa Champions: The State Winner in the Iowa Master 
Soybean Growers Contest was Kenneth Taylor of Indianola 
who had a yield of 48.86 bu. per acre of the Adams variety. 
Evar Anderson of Boone won second place with 44.47 bu. 
using the Hawkeye variety. The third highest yield was that 
of Vernon Montefering of Auburn who grew 43.87 bu. with 
the Lincoln variety. Seven of the Iowa contestants ﬁ nished 
above 40 bu. per acre. Seven of the Iowa growers ﬁ nishing in 
the ﬁ rst ten grew Adams, 1 Hawkeye, 1 Lincoln, 1 Bavender 
Special.
 “Arkansas Champions: First-place winner in the 

=== PAGE 78 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   78
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
North Mississippi County 5-Acre Soybean Yield Contest, 
sponsored by the Junior Chamber of Commerce of 
Blytheville, Ark., produced 50.8 bu. per acre. He was Cecil 
Mann of Blytheville. Second-place winner was J.P. Harmon, 
Clear Lake, with an average of 48.2 bu., and third was Carl 
Webster, Armorel, with 47.4 bu. A total of 270 soybean 
growers entered 5-acre plots in this contest, which was the 
fourth sponsored by the Jaycees in cooperation with County 
Agent Keith J. Bilbrey. All of the winners grew the Ogden 
variety.
 “Missouri Champions: J.E. Mollett, Audrain County, 
won the Soybean Achievement Contest with 48.5 bu. per 
acre with the Wabash variety. Carver Brown was second 
with 46.47 bu. and Elmer Mollett was third with 41.1 bu. 
This contest is sponsored by the M.F.A. Coop. of Mexico, 
Missouri, cooperating with the Ag. Ext. Dept. and the V o-Ag 
Program. They report that the Wabash variety gave 5 to 6 bu. 
better yields in their part of Missouri than any of the other 
varieties. Proper fertilization increased yields 5.8 bu. and 
inoculated ﬁ elds beat uninoculated ones by 4.6 bu. per acre.
 “Illinois Champions: The 1950 Illinois 10-Acre Soybean 
Contest was won by Carl L. Carlson, Roseville. His yield 
was 48.86 bu. per acre. Robert A. Bacon, Roseville, had the 
second highest yield of 48.06 bushels, and L.P. Kerbaugh, 
Stanford, was third with 44.72 bu. per acre.”
 Three photos show each of the three winners.
215. Olson, Clarence E. 1951. Minutes of a special meeting 
of the City Council of the City of Dawson, Minnesota. Held 
March 30 at the City Attorney’s Ofﬁ ce. Dawson, Minnesota. 
1 p. Unpublished typescript.
• Summary: “A petition from the Tri-County Soybean Ass. 
to use and connect to Judicial Ditch #4, for their disposal 
from their plant was presented and discussed. A motion was 
made by Borgendale and seconded by Dahl, that we grant 
this request. Was passed unanimously.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) in 
which a name for the new soybean processing plant appears–
”Tri-County Soybean Association.” Address: Dawson, 
Minnesota.
216. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1951. Boone Valley to 
double plant capacity: Close Hubbard plant, move machinery 
here. Combined operation in Eagle Grove to be advantageous 
to ﬁ rm Ralph Olson, president, announces. April 26. p. B1.
• Summary: A big page-width banner headline. Ralph 
Olson, president of the Boone Valley Cooperative Processing 
Association made the announcement Tuesday. This decision 
was made at a meeting of the ﬁ rm’s executive board held at 
the plant ofﬁ ce Tuesday afternoon. The two big expellers 
will be moved to Eagle Grove and set up there, doubling 
Boone Valley’s processing capacity. The Hubbard plant is 
scheduled to be closed on May 1, and the dismantling and 
moving will be started soon after that.
 “Olson said it would probably be August 1 before the 
machinery is in operation in Eagle Grove as several changes 
have to be made in the operation here to accommodate the 
new machinery. The present capacity of 1,500 bushels of 
[soy] beans and 39 tons of meal will be increased to 3,000 
bushels of beans and 78 tons of meal [per day]. The oil 
output will be increased from 360,000 pounds a month to 
720,000 pounds a month. Six freight cars a month are now 
handling the oil and it will take 12 cars a month when the 
increased operation gets under way.”
 There are 12 full time employees at Hubbard. Some of 
them will be given the opportunity to come to Eagle Grove. 
A portrait photo shows Ralph Oslon.
217. Soybean Digest. 1951. Missouri soybean plant (Photo 
caption). May. p. 20.
• Summary: This aerial photo (4½ by 2 inches) shows the 
processing plant of the MFA Cooperative Grain and Feed 
Co. at Mexico, Missouri. New storage tanks (right) with a 
capacity of 350,000 bushels, were built in the summer of 
1950. They bring the ﬁ rm’s total storage capacity in this 
town to 650,000 bushels.
218. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1951. Will double output at 
Boone Valley (Photo caption). June 28. p. B1.
• Summary: This photo shows two expellers being installed 
in the Eagle Grove plant; they have been moved from the 
Hubbard plant. Manager Ed Olson and plant superintendent 
are standing on the ﬂ oor watching. “At work on the ladders 
are Virgil Smith and Leonard Larson.”
219. Tri-County Co-operative Soy Bean Association, Board 
of Directors. 1951. A statement regarding soy bean purchases 
(Ad). Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota) 67(47):10. July 27.
• Summary: “Conﬂ icting statements have been circulated 
regarding the policy of the soy bean processing plant as to 
purchase of beans, and as to its relations with elevators in 
the community. We wish to clarify those policies by this 
statement.
 “The association has forwarded to the elevators in 
Dawson, Boyd, Madison, and Marietta proposed contracts 
for those elevators to act as agents of the plant in buying 
beans for the association. The contracting elevators will 
buy beans from their patrons and pay for them with their 
own checks, but will receive payment daily by draft on the 
association for beans so purchased, and will store the beans 
for the plant at regular storage rates. Each elevator will 
receive a ﬁ xed handling fee per bushel bought. No beans 
will be bought direct from the producer [farmer] at the plant. 
Beans will be hauled from elevator to bean plant, and by the 
bean plant trucks, when needed for processing.
 “By this method, none of the elevators concerned should 
lose any volume of bean purchases or storage; in fact, their 
business on beans should increase...”

=== PAGE 79 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   79
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “It is to the advantage of the bean raiser to have at least 
one share of common stock to qualify for cash dividends 
and it is to the interest of every on in the community to 
have some preferred stock as an investment, and to assure 
sufﬁ cient working capital for the buying and processing of 
beans.”
 Note: This is the earliest published document seen (July 
2005) that contains the name “Tri-County Co-operative Soy 
Bean Association” (Dawson, Minnesota). After late 1951 it 
was usually called the Tri-County Soy Bean Co-operative; it 
was renamed Dawson Mills in 1969.
220. Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-operative. 1951. Documents 
from the Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-operative (Overview). 
SoyaScan Notes Compiled by William Shurtleff of Soyinfo 
Center.
• Summary:  (1) Common stock certiﬁ cate for 9 shares in 
the Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-operative (OVSC) issued to 
Morgan Jones. Dated Aug. 1, 1951. 
 (2) One certi ﬁ cate of 9 shares of OVSC stock owned by 
Morgan Jones. Note: Richard Morgan Jones was a farmer.
 (3) Letterhead (see next page) of the OVSC, with the 
red cardinal logo, followed by the words “Cardinal Quality 
Soybean Products. Henderson, Kentucky. A typewritten 
letter dated February 20, 1952, to “Dear Patron” is signed 
“Yours truly, A.I. Reisz, Asst. Manager.” Across the very top 
of the letterhead: “Charles B. Smith, President. G.W. Allen, 
Secretary-Manager. Oscar D. Keck, Vice-President.” Just 
below words OVSC: “Directors: Charles B. Smith. Oscar D. 
Keck. Theodore Kols. Frederick Williams. A.G. Pritchett. 
O.C. Whitﬁ eld. John A. Gerhardt. 
 (4) Business size envelope (see page after next) 
postmarked Feb. 29, 1952, from the OVSC, P.O. Box 338, 
Henderson, KY , to Morgan Jones, Star Route, Sebree, 
Kentucky. On it is a preprinted 3-cent George Washington 
stamp. Inside was an OVSC “Patronage Dividend on 
soybeans delivered by you during the ﬁ scal year ending July 
31, 1951, as follows: Total Patronage on $628.99 worth of 
[soy] beans delivered: $14.06. Amount paid in stock: $9.00. 
Operating reserve allocated to you: $5.06. We sincerely 
appreciate your patronage and support. A.I. Reisz, Ass’t 
Secretary.”
 These color scans were sent to Soyinfo Center on 
22 March 2007 by Mary Ellen Wagner (of Slaughters, 
Kentucky), granddaughter of Morgan Jones. Address: 
Henderson, Kentucky.
221. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Will hold ﬁ rst 
annual meeting tomorrow evening. 68(5):1. Oct. 5.
• Summary: “The ﬁ rst annual meeting of the Tri-County Soy 
Bean Co-operative will be held tomorrow evening, starting 
at 8 o’clock. The meeting will be held at the new soybean 
plant, which is nearing completion and is expected to be in 
operation around November 1.
 “The main business of the annual meeting will be the 
election of seven directors.” The present directors are: Carl 
M. Hanson of Maxwell, Melvin Knutson of Baxter, Morris 
Enevoldson of Boyd, Carl Barkeus of Cerro Gordo, V olney 
Peterson of Canby, John Lideen of Madison, and Merrill 
Lund of Providence (Minnesota, about 8 miles southwest of 
Dawson). “Installation of machinery is almost completed...”
222. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Soy bean stock 
sales soar following annual meeting. 68(6):1, 7. Oct. 12.
• Summary: “About 250 stockholders of the Tri County 
Soy Bean Association met last Saturday evening for the ﬁ rst 
annual meeting of that organization at the armory.” Rain and 
cold weather made it inadvisable to meet at the new soy bean 
plant as planned.
 “Carl M. Hanson of Maxwell Township, Chairman of 
the Board of Directors, presided at the meeting, with Morris 
Enevoldson of Boyd as secretary.”
 “Incidentally, this ﬁ ne new $225,000 plant resulted 
from a discussion over morning coffee participated in by 
four men who have not only provided the idea, but gave of 
their time and effort to carry on investigations and to furnish 
the driving power which put the plan into motion. These 
four men, Glenn Bloomquist, Bert Dahl, Art Lee and John 
Hanson deserve much of the credit for doing the preliminary 
work and also for continuing their efforts in behalf of the 
plant from the very beginning.
 “This idea, originating early in November [1950], 
resulted in another meeting, made up largely of businessmen, 
where initial stock was subscribed, and this in turn led to a 
mass meeting, at which time the prospects and the workings 
of a soy bean plant were discussed, and from which point 
the drive for ﬁ nances got underway.” The actual costs have 
exceeded estimates by about $75,000.
 “Bert Dahl was called on to give highlights of an annual 
report of a soy bean plant at Menomonie, Wisconsin, which 
had just been organized”–but was owned by several co-


=== PAGE 80 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   80
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021


=== PAGE 81 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   81
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
operatives and is somewhat larger than the Dawson plant. 
Note: The plant in Menomonie, Wisconsin, was built or 
acquired in 1945 by Northwest Cooperative Mills (St. Paul, 
Minnesota). It was never a competitor of Dawson Mills.
 As of this writing, only $7,000 of shares remain to be 
sold.
223. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Soy bean co-op 
has adequate ﬁ nancing for operation costs. 68(7):1. Oct. 19.
• Summary: “A committee of the Board of Directors of 
the Tri County Soy Bean Co-operative Association was in 
Minneapolis the fore part of this week making arrangements 
for a working capital loan from the Bank of Co-operatives. 
The group successfully negotiated a loan of about $370,000 
at a low rate of interest, a sufﬁ cient amount to enable the 
organization to buy soy beans and carry on its operations 
until its own working capital is established.”
 “Buying of soy beans at all of the cooperating elevators 
began on Friday of last week.” Crown Iron Works Co. is 
installing the machinery. Four large storage tanks for soy 
beans, and two for soy bean oil have been erected.
224. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Start ﬁ lling storage 
tanks at bean plant. 68(9):1. Nov. 2.
• Summary: “The ﬁ rst loads of soy beans were unloaded at 
the soy bean plant on Monday morning of this week, and 
will continue until the four huge storage tanks, with a total 
capacity of 83,000 bushels, are ﬁ lled.”
225. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Soy bean plant 
ready for trial runs next week. 68(10):1. Nov. 9.
• Summary: “By this time next week the new soy bean plant 
will have been in operation a day or so, with test runs being 
made to try out the machinery...” “Plans are being formulated 
for an Open House at the soy bean plant soon after it is in 
full operation”–in late November or early December. “Mr. 
Givans [sic, Joe Givens], Crown Iron Works engineer, 
arrived on Tuesday of this week to supervise operation of the 


=== PAGE 82 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   82
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
plant during the next two months.”
 Note: The soybeans were crushed initially using a 
solvent extractor and trichloroethylene solvent. Dawson 
never used expellers or screw presses. This is the earliest 
document seen (July 2005) that mentions Joe Givens in 
connection with Dawson.
226. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Cedric Adams will 
have part in grand opening of soy bean plant December 8. 
68(11):1. Nov. 16.
• Summary: Trial runs at the soy bean plant are expected to 
be made the latter part of this week. “Plans are underway 
for an Open House on Saturday, December 8, with the entire 
community joining in to celebrate the opening of this new 
industry.” Tours of the plant for visitors will be a part of 
the program. The Cedric Adams Show will be the featured 
ending of the program, with Cedric’s news broadcast at 10 
p.m.
227. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. 90 prizes, valued 
at $850.00, offered in soy bean guessing contest now in 
progress. 68(12):1, 4. Nov. 23.
• Summary: “Over 80 business ﬁ rms and individuals are 
contributing prizes in a community-wide guessing contest, as 
a part of the program for the grand opening of the new soy 
bean plant in Dawson on Saturday, December 8... contestants 
may win as many prizes as their guessing ability will permit.
 “Jars of soy beans have been placed in each business 
place, along with a card stating the prize to be given at that 
place of business...” The rules and a list of the businesses and 
prizes is given.
228. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Tri-County Co-operative Soy Bean 
Association.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Dawson, Minnesota.
Date of Introduction:  1951 November.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Blue Book. 1951 
[March]. “Processors of soybeans.” Minnesota–Dawson: 
Tri-County Cooperative Soybean Assn. President: Carl M. 
Hanson. Processing capacity: 50 tons/day.
Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. “Soy bean plant 
ready for trial runs next week.” Nov. 9. p. 1. “By this 
time next week the new soy bean plant will have been in 
operation a day or so, with test runs being made to try out the 
machinery...”
 Note 1. Two solvent extraction plants of 25 tons/day 
capacity, built and installed here in 1950 by Crown Iron 
Works, initially used trichloroethylene solvent.
Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. “Open house at 
soy bean plant all day next Saturday.” Dec. 7. p. 1. Section 
1 of 3. “There will be open house all day Saturday at the 
new Tri-County Soy Bean Co-operative plant, with coffee 
and doughnuts served to all visitors. The plant will be in full 
operation... The plant is now operating 24 hours a day.”
 Note 2. In 1959 Crown Iron Works built and installed 
here a solvent extraction plant of 250 tons/day capacity.
229. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Open house at soy 
bean plant all day next Saturday. 68(14):1. Dec. 7. Section 1 
of 3.
• Summary: “There will be open house all day Saturday 
at the new Tri-County Soy Bean Co-operative plant, with 
coffee and doughnuts served to all visitors. The plant will 
be in full operation...” The plant is now operating 24 hours a 
day.
 “Tests of soy bean meal show a protein content of 48 per 
cent protein, two per cent over what was estimated, and the 
soy bean oil processed is of excellent quality.” A large photo, 
titled “Tri-County Soy Bean Co-operative plant,” shows the 
outside of the plant and several storage tanks.
 To the left of the newspaper’s title we read: “Section 
One–Soy Bean Plant Grand Opening.”
230. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Five elevators in 
county co-operate in soy bean buying and storing. 68(14):1. 
Dec. 7. Section 2 of 3.
• Summary: “Pictured on this page are three of the ﬁ ve 
elevators cooperating in the purchasing and storing of soy 
beans for the new soy bean processing plant in Dawson.” 
Those elevators are: Madison Mercantile and Elevator Co. 
(A.J. Larson). Farmers Elevator & Mercantile Co, Boyd 
(George Gilbertson). Farmers Co-op Elevator, Dawson (Bert 
Dahl). GTA Elevator, Madison (Hans Strand). GTA Elevator, 
Haydenville (C.H. Bjerke). A photo (in this section or the 
previous one) shows each elevator and its manager.
 Directly below this article is a short “ ﬁ ller” titled 
“Industrial uses of soy beans,” which states: “Among many 
industrial uses are paints, varnish, enamel, linoleum, oilcloth, 
printing inks and papers, and for coated fabrics and lacquers. 
Soybean lecithin is widely used in many industries.”
 An editorial in Section 1 is titled “Congratulations Tri-
County Soy Bean Co-op.” “To Glenn Blomquist, Art Lee, 
Bert Dahl and John Hanson must go the major credit for this 
new industry.”
 Note 1. This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 
2021) that mentions GTA (Farmers Union Grain Terminal 
Association), a cooperative.
231. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. This is how it 
happened... 68(14):1, 3. Dec. 7. Section 3 of 3.
• Summary: The most detailed history seen of the origin of 
the soybean processing plant at Dawson, Minnesota. In Oct. 
1950 several Dawson business men, active members of the 
Dawson Service Club, became interested in the possibility 
of securing a soy bean processing plant for Dawson. They 

=== PAGE 83 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   83
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
heard that a new soybean processing plant was opening in 
Mankato, Minnesota. Mr. and Mrs. Glen Blomquist and Mr. 
and Mrs. Art Lee attended the Mankato open house, but after 
ﬁ nding out that the cost was about $2 million, they decided 
to let the matter drop for a while.
 Several weeks later they heard about a new soybean 
processing plant operating at Blooming Prairie, Minnesota. 
They aroused the interest of several other live-wire Service 
Club members, Bert Dahl and J.C. Hanson, and the four 
men decided to visit that plant in hopes of learning how the 
community had secured the plant. The people at Blooming 
Prairie were very cooperative and helpful during the ﬁ rst 
visit and subsequent visits. The Dawson men asked lot of 
questions and returned with information about the costs of 
the plant and operations, labor requirements, marketing, 
proﬁ ts, etc. Blooming Prairie’s attorney Thorson even 
accepted invitations to meetings in Dawson to help provide 
the spark that would get the project started.
 Back in Dawson the four men continued to discuss the 
project, including several meetings over cups of coffee. Not 
yet satisﬁ ed enough to present their ideas to a meeting, they 
spent much additional time visiting other plants, asking more 
questions, and investigating all the angles.
 In early November, 1950, they decided to call a meeting 
of representative farmers from the Dawson and somewhat 
beyond. Dawson attorney R.M. Saltness, had been hired 
to help in preparing the proposal. Soon his enthusiasm 
for the project was as great as that of the four originators. 
The meeting took place on Nov. 9. Mr. Saltness presented 
the group’s ﬁ ndings and plan for the proposed plant in 
Dawson. After several hours of discussion, it was decided 
unanimously decided to incorporate immediately. Articles 
of incorporation were drafted and forwarded for ﬁ ling; 
a temporary board of directors was elected. “This board 
consisted of Carl M. Hanson of Maxwell, Carl Barkeus of 
Cerro Gordo, V olney Peterson of Canby, Alfred Schmidtke 
of Maxell, Morris Enevoldson of Boyd, Melvin Knutson of 
Baxter, and Merrill Lund of Providence”–all of Minnesota.
 On Armistice Day morning [Nov. 11, marking the 
ofﬁ cial end of World War I in 1918] a meeting was called 
at the Carnegie library to advise local business mean about 
the proposed plan; about 50 attended and gave enthusiastic 
support; by the end of the meeting $20,000 in stock had been 
subscribed.
 The next week two representatives of the Crown Iron 
Works of Minneapolis discussed the construction and 
operation of a soy bean processing plant to a well attended 
service club meeting. At this meeting, plans were laid to hold 
a series of township meetings at which the plant could be 
explained to farmers in those townships. This led to many 
question-ﬁ lled evenings during the next few weeks. The 
temporary board visited the Blooming Prairie plant to learn 
more and stock sales progressed.
 On Dec. 9, the biggest meeting to date was held at the 
Dawson armory, attended by over 600 interested farmers 
and business men. The project was explained by Mr. Glenn 
Blomquist and Attorney Thorson gave a history of the 
Blooming Prairie idea and its realization as a plant, discussed 
the importance of the soy bean as a crop to local farmers, 
business men, and the local economy, and detailed the many 
beneﬁ ts of having a soybean crushing plant in Dawson.
 By Christmas 1950 stock sales had reached $80,000 
and an order was placed with Crown Iron Works for the 
plant’s machinery. At about the same time, the temporary 
board elected a temporary set of ofﬁ cers: Carl M. Hanson, 
president; Melvin Knutson, vice president; Morris 
Enevoldson, secretary; and Glenn Blomquist, treasurer. 
Issues of soy bean storage capacity and location were 
discussed and resolved, in part with local farmer-owned 
cooperatives.
 On 9 Feb. 1951 (Monday), a group of about 50 business 
men and farmers gathered at the building site for the ground 
breaking ceremonies. Despite the snow on the frozen ground, 
Mayor G.C. Throndrud found a place to dig out a shovel full 
of dirt. Soon forms were in place and footings poured for 
the new plant. Following blizzards in March, work resumed 
in April as the steel arrived. Stock sales had slowed and 
salesmen began to devote full or part time to selling the 
balance of the stock needed to pay for the plant.
 During the ﬁ rst in September, 1951, installation of 
machinery in the plant was started. From then on, things 
moved quickly; the site became a beehive of activity as 
electricians, plumbers, construction workers, engineers, 
etc. worked to complete the plant in time for the soy bean 
harvest.
 The Dawson Service Club became the main organization 
responsible for developing, promoting and eventually 
concluding the project; members of the club took on the 
idea with enthusiasm and during the past year not a meeting 
has gone by without some discussion of its progress, sale of 
stock, and new ideas. Continued.
232. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. This is how it 
happened... (Continued). 68(14):1. Dec. 7. Section 3 of 3.
• Summary: In early October, the two large (83,000 bushel 
capacity) soy bean storage tanks were erected; about a week 
later the soy bean oil storage tank (15,000 gallons capacity) 
was erected.
 On 6 Oct. 1951, Saturday evening, the ﬁ rst annual 
meeting of the new co-operative was held at the Dawson 
armory; about 250 attended. Reports showed that the original 
goal of $150,000 in stock sales had been exceeded; however 
rising costs and a change in plans had increased the total 
cost of the plant to about $225,000. A concerted drive was 
started in each township to raise the $60,000 balance. At the 
usual morning coffee club session, Frank Crouse insisted 
that action be taken immediately to raise the money; $43,000 
in stock was raised in that one day, and there is every 

=== PAGE 84 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   84
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
expectation that the total will be raised by the time that this 
issue reaches its readers–quite an accomplishment for the 
small community in and around Dawson.
 The temporary board was left in of ﬁ ce to ensure that the 
plant began operation under the direction of the men who 
had been in contact with the work up to this time.
 On October 29 ﬁ  lling of the storage tanks with soy 
beans began. By the middle of November, installation of 
machinery and all interior work on the building (electricity, 
plumbing, etc.) was completed–except that the late delivery 
of a short section of spout from the storage tank to the plant 
delayed the plant start-up by several days.
 “On Monday, November 26, the machinery went into 
operation and from now on the plant will be in operation 24 
hours a day, seven days a week, with three shifts of workers 
operating the plant.”
 Many said it could not be done in a small community of 
farmers in midwestern Minnesota, but within a year the idea 
had become a reality.
 Photos show: (1) “Over a cup of coffee.” Left to right: 
J.C. Hanson, Bert Dahl, Glenn Blomquist, and Art Lee 
discussing soy bean processing over a morning cup of coffee. 
(2) Board of directors: Left to right, seated–Melvin Knutson, 
Carl M. Hanson, Morris Enevoldson. Standing–Carl 
Berkeus, Merrill Lund, V olney Peterson. Not in picture, John 
Lideen. (3) Staff of the soy bean plant. Left to right: Esther 
Asbjornson, Anton P. Johnson, Herman Anderson, Leonard 
Mogard, Walfred Anderson, Darrel Crane, A.F. Sear, Alvin 
Vane, Louis Sandbakken, Carl Barkeus, Thomas Newell.
233. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Soybean products 
have multitude of uses in many ﬁ elds. 68(14):8. Dec. 7.
• Summary: “There is a saying in the Orient: ‘When you 
grow the soybean, you grow meat, butter and milk.’” But 
there are many other uses. They are summarized from a 
booklet prepared by ADM.
234. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Sale of stock over 
wide area totals $205,000, Nov. 24. 68(14):8. Dec. 7.
• Summary: Three tables show which communities the 
money came from to ﬁ nance the new $225,000 soy bean 
plant in Dawson: (1) Preferred stock sales (top 3 are Dawson, 
Madison, Boyd). Total $150,700. (2) Common stock sales 
(top 3 Dawson, Appleton, Madison). Total $45,800. (3) 
Combination of (1) plus (2) (top 3 Dawson, Madison, Boyd). 
Total $205,000. The Dawson community purchased a total of 
$121,700 or a little over half of the grand total.
235. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Soy bean industry 
has tremendous growth in last decade. 68(14):8. Dec. 7.
• Summary: In the United States soy bean acreage increased 
from only about 25,000 acres in 1919, to 1,189,000 acres 
in 1924, to 13,291,000 acres in 1950. In 1924, when USDA 
began to recognize the importance of this new crop, its value 
was estimated at about 11 million dollars.
 Since 1939 in Minnesota, there has been a huge increase 
in acreage and production. In 1938 Minnesota’s 30,000 acres 
produced 504,000 bushels of soybeans. By 1950, however, 
the state’s 1,057,000 acres produced 16,384,000 bushels. 
Comparable ﬁ gures are also given for Lac qui Parle county, 
starting in 1947.
236. Deere and Weber. 1951. The completion of the new 
Tri-County Soy Bean Co-operative Plant... (Ad). Dawson 
Sentinel (Minnesota) 68(14):8. Dec. 7.
• Summary: “... is a source of pride to all who had anything 
to do with its construction, as well as the people of the 
community, and area, it serves.
 “Congratulations”–to the business men, farmers, and 
“people of this community on the ﬁ ne spirit of cooperation 
which brought this project to completion within a year.” 
Address: Lee Motor Co.–John Deere representative in 
Dawson.
237. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Dawson and soy 
bean plant given publicity. 68(15):1. Dec. 14.
• Summary: “Dawson and the new Tri-County Soy Bean 
plant have been receiving some very favorable publicity 
of late...” from Cedric Adams, the Minneapolis Star and 
Tribune, St. Paul Pioneer Press and Dispatch, Soybean 
Digest, and the Grain and Feed Review.
238. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1951. Several thousand 
people visited Dawson last Saturday. 68(15):1, 12. Dec. 14.
• Summary: An estimated 6,000 people visited the soy bean 
plant during the day, which culminated “with a wonderful 
show at the armory with a capacity crowds in attendance.” 
Many visitors came from out of town. People “began 
to arrive at the soy plant before 9 a.m. on Saturday, and 
from that time on until late evening there was a constant 
stream of people inspecting the plant.” The Trinity Aid had 
prepared coffee and doughnuts for 2,500, but the supply was 
exhausted. Stu McPherson was master of ceremonies for the 
evening, with never a dull moment.
239. Middlemass, Larry. 1952. Soybean cooperative plant 
handles over 850,000 bushels a year: Producing oil used 
for oleo. Meal turned out is mainly livestock feed. Sunday 
Courier and Press (Evansville, Indiana). 
 Aug. 24. p. 14.
• Summary: Note: Evansville, Indiana is just across the Ohio 
River (to the north) from Henderson, Kentucky. “More than 
4,000 Tri-Staters are owners of one of Henderson’s fastest-
growing young businesses. It’s the Henderson [Ohio Valley] 
Soybean Cooperative, which each year converts 850,000 to 
900,000 bushels of soybeans into oil and livestock feed.”
 In 1941 the cooperative and plant were organized by 
about 25 soybean growers, at a time when the excellent food 
value of the soybean was just becoming known. Two screw 

=== PAGE 85 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   85
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
presses squeezed the oil from 1,500 bushels of soybeans each 
day. By 1943, a third screw press was added, enabling the 
plant to process 2.250 bushels/day. In 1948 the cooperative 
decided to convert the plant to solvent extraction–a relatively 
new and more efﬁ cient technology. The screw presses were 
scrapped and the oil was now extracted by hexane solvent, a 
petroleum by-product. A description of how the new solvent 
extraction works is given.
 Today the output is about double what is was in 1941. 
The plant has an annual payroll of about $117,000, employs 
35 men, and is still growing. By October of this year (harvest 
time) a $65,000 improvement program (new unloading 
facilities, a new drier, and new conveying equipment) 
is scheduled to be completed. The co-operative gets its 
soybeans from farmers within about a 50-mile radius of 
Henderson. About 75% of all beans arrive at the plant during 
the harvest in October and November. But the plant has 
storage for 600,000 bushels, so it can process the soybeans in 
the months to come.
 Most of the oil from the plant is presently shipped to 
Louisville, Kentucky, where it is used to make oleomargarine 
and shortening. Some of this oil is used to make paint and 
other industrial (nonfood) products. About half of the meal is 
sold back to members of the cooperative. The rest is shipped 
east and south to be used for livestock and poultry feeds.
 An excellent aerial photo shows the Ohio Valley 
Soybean Cooperative complex. The caption states that it was 
constructed in about 1940 at Henderson, Kentucky, through 
efforts of the Henderson Farm Bureau. The initial cost of the 
plant was about $350,000. About 3 years ago an additional, 
very modern plant was constructed.
240. Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative. 1952. “One of the 
better Tri-State soybean markets.” Sunday Courier and Press 
(Evansville, Indiana). Aug. 24. p. 14.
• Summary: This large black-and-white ad states: “Toasted 
quality Cardinal soybean meal.” A photo shows the plant 
from ground level, with railroad tracks in the foreground. 
Address: Fifth St., Henderson, Kentucky. Phone: 3921.
241. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1952. Start work on Boone 
Valley’s new plant (Photo caption). Sept. 25. p. A1.
• Summary: This photo shows 6 men standing together 
in front of a building. “Mayor pro tem J.W. Robinson is 
shown turning the ﬁ rst shovel of dirt on the site of the new 
storage elevators which Boone Valley is building.” Left 
to right are: “Chas. Loux, plant superintendent; Ed Olson, 
general manager of Boone Valley; Ralph Olson of Ellsworth, 
president of the ﬁ rm; Robinson; Fred Reil, president of the 
Eagle Grove Chamber of Commerce; and Gordon Heath, 
manager of the Consumers Cooperative Association.
 “Cost of converting the Boone Valley operation from 
expeller type to solvent type has been set at approximately 
$600,000. Construction work is already underway and is 
expected to last until next summer.”
242. Photographs of the Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-operative, 
in Henderson Co., Kentucky (1952-1955). 1952. Henderson 
Co., Kentucky.
• Summary: Six digital photos (the ﬁ rst four black-and-
white) were sent to Soyinfo Center in March 2007 by Al 
Reisz, Jr., son of the key man in organizing and running this 
cooperative. These photos show the ﬁ rst cooperative soybean 
processing plant in the USA:
  (1) The hexane solvent extraction plant in about 1952 
(perhaps 1951).
  (2) Three men involved in the OVSC standing in a 
soybean test plot that was adjacent to the plant grounds. 
Al Reisz is standing in the center. The Co-op worked 
with the University of Kentucky Ag. Extension Service to 
test soybean varieties and to show farmers how to plant, 
cultivate, and harvest soybeans.
  (3) Al Reisz at his desk in the OVSC of ﬁ ce in 1954.
  (4) A typical meeting with farmers in 1954 to promote 
the planting of soybeans. Al Reisz is standing at the left of 
the graph.
  (5) European visitors during a tour of the OVSC plant 
in 1955. Al Reisz is at the far left, back row.
 (6) Soybean oil from OVSC being loaded into a railroad 


=== PAGE 86 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   86
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
tank car.
243. Soybean Digest. 1953. To build Iowa plant 
[Boone Valley Cooperative]. Jan. p. 21.
• Summary: “A $600,000 solvent extraction 
soybean processing plant will be built by the Boone 
Valley Cooperative Processing Association at 
Eagle Grove, Iowa.” Ralph Olsen, president, has 
announced that construction will begin at once. The 
current plant uses Expellers and has a capacity of 
90 tons/day. The new plant, which is expected to 
be completed by next summer, will have a capacity 
of 300 tons/day and 100,000 bushels of soybean 
storage.
244. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1953. This crew 
works in a safe plant. 69(35):1. May 8.


=== PAGE 87 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   87
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
• Summary: The lower caption gives the names of the 
14 people shown in the photo, including Joe Givens. Not 
pictured were Leo Kockelman, John Beattie, John and 
Jerome Strangeland, and Al Kaiser. An untitled story below 
the photo notes that a recent conversion process has made the 
plant a safer place to work. Fire underwriters were consulted 
in planning the conversion and their suggestions followed–so 
that the plant now carries a lower insurance rate than does 
the average business on Dawson’s main street. The solvent 
extraction room was isolated from the rest of the building 
by means of ﬁ re walls and plastering. A large ventilating fan 
and two smaller blowers keep the air in the room circulating 
constantly.
 Note: The plant reopened on May 1. It was converted 
from one using a safe solvent (trichloroethylene) to one 
that was extremely ﬂ ammable and potentially dangerous 
(hexane).
245. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1953. 
Foreign leaders visit here today. July 11.
• Summary: “Eleven leaders in their respective countries 
in the ﬁ elds of agriculture, industry and labor–then from 
the Netherlands, one from France–are scheduled to visit 
Henderson today.” They are to be conducted on a tour of the 
Ohio Valley soybean mill here. They are in Kentucky as part 
of the University of Kentucky’s foreign training programs 
and the international exchange program.
246. Soybean Digest. 1953. 
Iowa ﬁ rm opens new plant 
(Photo caption). Aug. p. 20.
• Summary: This ground-level 
photo shows an ofﬁ ce building 
in front with a large soybean 
extraction plant and about 
61 concrete grain elevators 
behind it. The lower caption 
reads: “This is the new solvent 
extraction and storage plant of 
the North Iowa Cooperative 
Processing Association recently 
ofﬁ cially opened at Mason 
City. Plant, of 150 tons daily 
capacity, was furnished by 
French Oil Mill Machinery Co., 
Piqua, Ohio. Engineers were 
R.W. Booker & Associates, St. 
Louis [Missouri]. Storage capacity is 350,000 bushels. Total 
cost was 1½ million dollars. Glen [sic, Glenn] Pogeler is 
manager for the association. About 600 people attended the 
two-day open house.”
247. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1953. An invitation–To the 
people of north central Iowa (Ad). Oct. 1. p. 3c.
• Summary: A full page ad. “To attend the big opening of 
the new $600,000.00 Boone Valley Coop Processing Assn. 
soybean solvent processing plant. Thursday, October 8th. 
9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Free–Coffee and doughnuts served to all! 
Good news for visitors.
 “Good news for visitors: The Eagle Grove Chamber of 
Commerce is cooperating with the Boone Valley Cooperative 
Processing Assn. by offering 3 big days of special bargains.” 
A photo shows an aerial view of the new Boone Valley 
solvent plant and concrete storage bins.
248. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1953. Open house today at 
Boone Valley: Refreshments and conducted tours for you. 
New $650,000 processing plant ready for public inspection. 
Not to start operating until last of month. Oct. 1. p. C1.


=== PAGE 88 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   88
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
• Summary: “Thursday, October 8 (today) from 9 a.m. 
to 5 p.m. is ofﬁ cial open house time at the Boone Valley 
Cooperative Association’s new plant. Everyone is invited 
to come and go through the new plant on a conducted tour. 
Coffee and doughnuts will be served by the Chamber of 
Commerce members...”
 “There are 50 member cooperatives who own the Boone 
Valley with an estimated membership of over 20,000 farmer 
owners...” The new hexane solvent extraction equipment 
will increase the capacity of the plant by at least four times. 
Operating 24 hours a day, the plant will process 10,000 
bushels of soybeans daily. “From this it will get 5,000 bags 
of meal [each weighing 100 lb] or 250 tons of meal each 
day.”
 “Many special precautions are being taken to make 
the operation as safe as possible.” Special tools, made of a 
soft substance called “non-spark meloid,” will be used. “No 
matches, lighters, or metal objects which could cause a spark 
will be allowed in the plant. Visitors will not be allowed in 
the plant after it starts operation.” Portrait photos show: (1) 
Ralph Olson. (2) Ed Olson.
249. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1953. Aerial view of the 
new Boone Valley plant (Photo caption). Oct. 1. p. C1.
• Summary: “At the left can be seen the new solvent plant 
constructed of steel and glass. The new storage elevators 
are in the middle and just in front of them in the trees is the 
ofﬁ ce building.”
250. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1953. Boone Valley will use 
9 cars each day. Oct. 1. p. C1.
• Summary: The new plant will cause a boom in the railroad 
business here by using “9 railroad cars in and out each day 
(Sundays and holidays included). That makes 270 cars per 
month and 3,250 cars per year.” Railroad men can ﬁ gure out 
how many jobs that will provide.
251. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1953. Feed mixing proﬁ t 
keeps ﬁ rm going: Side line added in 1946 becomes proﬁ t 
motive that keeps business going. Oct. 1. p. C1.
• Summary: The company started making soy bean meal and 
oil in 1944, then in 1946 started a feed mixing operation on 
a very small scale. Sales the ﬁ rst month were $40,000. But 
the feed business grew by at least 25% a year until in 1953 it 
was using over half the soybean meal produced by the parent 
ﬁ rst and had developed into a $175,000 a month operation. 
In 1952, the last year of its operation, Boone Valley lost 
$100,000 on soy bean meal production. The proﬁ t from the 
feed mixing operation kept the company’s overall operation 
in the black [proﬁ table] and a going concern. Recalling tough 
times, general manager Ed Olson says, “If it hadn’t been for 
the feed mixing business, we wouldn’t be here.”
252. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1953. Boone Valley has 
exciting 10 year history: Built in war time, completely 
burned out, and now completely rebuilt and expanded in 
value over six times is story. Oct. 1. p. C1.
• Summary: “The Boone Valley Cooperative Processing 
Association has had an exciting, hectic and turbulent 20 
years of operation, or rather history is better, because it has 
not been operating nearly all of that time.”
 “A group of farmers and elevator operators near 
Stratford headed by Ed Olson began to make plans and study 
the possibility of starting a soy bean so that the farmers who 
produced the protein could get the protein back to feed their 
livestock.
 “At the same time another group of farmers around 
Eagle Grove and Webster City were also working on the 
same proposition. Members of the Eagle Grove Chamber 
of Commerce heard of it and enlisted the aid of the 
Northwestern railroad people who at that time had the old 
shops building for sale.
 “Under the in ﬂ uence of Ed Olson these groups all got 
together and formed an organization which later became 
the Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association and 
[in March 1944] started to process the farmers soy beans 
into feed for the farmers.” All this happened during the war 
when materials and labor were hard to get. Only the highest 
priority rating from the government made it possible for the 
ﬁ rm to get started.
 “Common and preferred stock was sold to 23 
cooperative elevators and enough money was raised to start 
the ﬁ rm which was valued at approximately $100,000 at that 
time.”
 Three years later, on Aug. 23, “the company was hit by 
a disastrous ﬁ re which burned the building to the ground. All 
that was left standing were the four outside walls.
 “Because the member elevators had come to depend 
upon the Boone Valley for their soy bean meal and mixed 
feeds the ﬁ rm bought the Hubbard, Iowa plant to keep these 
members supplied until a new plant could be built again in 
Eagle Grove.
 “Finally in October 1948, more than a year later, 
the new plant was back in operation in Eagle Grove. Its 
valuation at that time was placed at approximately $275,000. 
It had 50 members by now.” The company continued to 
operate plants in Eagle Grove and Hubbard “until May 1950 
when the Hubbard plant was sold and the machinery moved 
to Eagle Grove and combined with the machinery already 
here.
 “By 1962 it had become evident to the directors and 
ofﬁ cers that if Boone Valley was to continue to operate, 
it would have to modernize” by changing to a solvent 
extraction process from the older expeller process.
 The facts and ﬁ gures “were explained to the members 
in a series of meetings and ﬁ nally approval was given to the 
Board to embark on the $650,000 expansion program. 
This 
change over [changeover] has been going on since July and 

=== PAGE 89 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   89
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
the plant has been shut down since that time.” A series of 
test runs are expected to start later this month, and by early 
November the plant should be running at full capacity.
253. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1953. Boone Valley will add 
14 to its payroll. Oct. 1. p. C1.
• Summary: “When the plant shut down in July it was 
employing 34 persons regularly in the processing operation.” 
When its starts up later this month, that number is expected 
to increase to 48; the annual payroll at that time will be over 
$200,000.
254. French Oil Mill Machinery Co. 1953. There’s progress 
at Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association (Ad). 
Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). Oct. 1. p. 2.
• Summary: A full page ad. “Progress–is an important 
word in America. Why has America’s industrial progress 
outstripped the rest of the world? In no country have men 
and women been so free to think, to create, to develop, to 
produce. That’s why American have more of the good things 
in life, more income to buy them, more leisure to enjoy 
them. That’s why the world’s highest standard of living is 
enjoyed in the U.S.A.” A large illustration shows a handsome 
man, straight out of the 1950s, gesturing with his thumb 
over his shoulder to a photo that shows an aerial view of the 
new Boone Valley solvent plant and concrete storage bins. 
Address: Piqua, Ohio.
255. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1953. Three cooperatives 
pay employee wages with silver dollars: To circulate 5300 
“cart wheels” here. In observance of the 25th anniversary of 
founding of Consumers Cooperative Association. Nov. 19. p. 
A1.
• Summary: “5300 silver dollars will be ﬂ oating around 
Eagle Grove and vicinity this week when the three wholesale 
cooperatives pay their employees weekly wages with the big 
‘cart wheels.’
 “The Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association 
has the largest payroll and will distribute approximately 
$3300 silver dollars to its employees.”
 The Consumers Cooperative Association, now age 25, 
with headquarters in Kansas City, Missouri, serves 9 states 
in nearly every farm operation or merchandise program. 
Howard Cowden, one of the nation’s recognized business 
leaders, is president of the CCA, which “has made such 
tremendous growth and development in 25 years, makes the 
event well worth commemorating.”
256. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1953. Boone Valley holds 
tenth annual dinner and meeting: 255 present as ofﬁ cers are 
elected. Company has assets totaling $1,760,000 as it starts 
new type operation. Nov. 26. p. 1.
• Summary: The annual dinner and business meeting was 
held Saturday noon in the Memorial building. Mayor Don 
Mitchell gave a welcoming address. Various guests were 
introduced. All the former ofﬁ cers and executive directors 
were re-elected without exception or opposition. Their names 
and towns are given. The new type operation refers to the 
solvent extraction plant, which is estimated to cost $619,049. 
The company’s ﬁ rst year assets were $299,599, so they have 
grown 5.8-fold during these ﬁ rst 10 years. “Sales for the 
year ending in August, 1953, amounted to $3,429,038 in 
comparison with the ﬁ rst year’s sales of $465,963”–a 7.4-
fold increase.
 “Starting with 10 employees, the company now has 54 
employees. Its 1954 pay roll is estimated at $200,000.”
 “Few ﬁ rms have experienced such a hectic operation in 
so few short years. That it has come through successfully and 
is now ready to embark on the new modern operation attests 
to the diligence and hard work of the ofﬁ cers, directors and 
manager.” Portrait photos show Ralph Olson and Ed Olson.
257. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1953. Boone Valley ofﬁ cers 
and directors (Photo caption). Dec. 3. p. 1.
• Summary: A horizontal photo shows 7 of the ofﬁ ces and 
executive directors seated side by side at a table; the name 
and town of each is given. In the lower right inset are Ed 
Olson (general manager, lives in Eagle Grove), and Ralph 
Olson (president, lives in Ellsworth).
258. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  North Iowa Cooperative Processing 
Association.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Mason City, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1953.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stor
ed:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Digest. 1953. 
“Iowa ﬁ rm opens new plant” (Photo caption). Aug. p. 20. 
The lower caption reads: “This is the new solvent extraction 
and storage plant of the North Iowa Cooperative Processing 
Association recently ofﬁ cially opened at Mason City, Plant, 
of 150 tons daily capacity, was furnished by French Oil Mill 
Machinery Co., Piqua, Ohio... Storage capacity is 350,000 
bushels. Total cost was 1½ million dollars. Glen [sic, Glenn] 
Pogeler is manager for the association. About 600 people 
attended the two-day open house.”
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 1. Farmers Grain 
Dealers Association (Des Moines, Iowa, Soybean Division) 
(Mason City, Iowa, 1943). Footnote: “Located at Manly, 
Iowa, 1943-1951; Moved to Mason City in 1951; merged in 
1967 with Farmers Grain Dealers Association.”
259. Bags of Cardinal Quality Toasted 44% Soybean Oil 

=== PAGE 90 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   90
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Meal, developed by the Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative in 
Henderson, Kentucky (Photograph). 1953.
• Summary: This digital color photo was sent to Soyfoods 
Center on 2 June 2012 by Al Reisz, Jr., who states in an 
accompanying e-mail: “This is of a display for the feed plant. 
The Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative developed its own 
brand of feed, Cardinal Feeds. The Cardinal logo can be 
seen on the burlap bags at the bottom of the picture. I believe 
this display was at an agricultural exhibit or county fair in 
Indiana. The OVSC had member farmers from southern 
Indiana, southern Illinois and north western Kentucky. 
Henderson, Kentucky, the location of the plant is on the Ohio 
River and the products, high protein meal and vegetable oil 
was shipped by rail, barge and truck.
 “Working in cooperation with the University of 
Kentucky Agriculture Extension Service and it seems like 
Purdue University, we use to give seminars to farmers 
in different farm communities on how to plant and raise 
soybeans. It may have been that an Illinois Ag Extension 
Service helped in Illinois. Farmers were use to planting corn 
and wheat. I often went along. Farmers were shown, then 
it was demonstrated in a prepared ﬁ eld, the spacing and 
depth to plant the beans. There was often a supper served in 
the basement of a community church or other community 
building in conjunction with the seminar.”
260. Derr, Raymond William. 1953. Missouri Farmers in 
action: A public relations study of the Missouri Farmers 
Association. Columbia, Missouri: Missouri Farmer Press. 
viii + 230 p. Illust. No index. 24 cm.
• Summary: Contents: Foreword, by H.E. Klinefelter 
(Editor, MFA Publishing Dep.). Introduction, by Clarence 
Cannon, U.S. Representative from Missouri. 1. How this 
book came to be written. 2. Organization of the Missouri 
Farmers Association. 3. Historical sketch of the cooperative 
movement. 4. Hirth lays the foundation for the Missouri 
Farmers Association. 5. The ﬁ rst years of the Missouri 
Farmers Association. 6. The producers contract. 7. The era 
of President Hirth. 8. The Missouri Farmers Association 
becomes democratic. 9. Public relations through legislative 
activities. 10. The program at the grass roots. 11. How the 
M.F.A. tells its story. 12. Meeting the challenge of the future.
 Ray Derr wrote this as his PhD thesis. It was published 
by the MFA’s state board of directors. The book is not a 
history of the MFA, but rather a careful study of its public 
relations activities–which were extensive. For example, 
MFA strongly supported the McNary-Haugen Farm Relief 
Bill. Despite attempts in 1924, 1926, and 1928 to pass 


=== PAGE 91 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   91
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
the bill–it was vetoed by President Calvin Coolidge, and 
never approved. It was supported by Henry C. Wallace. 
In 1953, more than half of the farmers in Missouri owned 
and controlled MFA, which was the largest statewide farm 
organization of its kind in the United States. It does not 
mention the co-op’s soybean processing plant at Mexico, 
Missouri. The main character is William Hirth (1875-1940), 
a farm leader, organizer, ﬁ rst president of the MFA, and 
editor of The Missouri Farmer. Address: Missouri.
261. Loading soybean oil into a tank car at the Ohio Valley 
Soybean Cooperative processing plant in Henderson, 
Kentucky (Photograph). 1953.
• Summary:  See below. This digital color photo was sent to 
Soyfoods Center on 13 May 2012 by Al Reisz, Jr., who states 
in an accompanying e-mail that the picture was taken around 
1953. It was on the west end of the Ohio Valley Soybean 
processing plant facilities off of 5th Street in Henderson, 
Kentucky. The man in the picture is Pearson Stuart, the plant 
engineer.
262. Photograph of Glenn Pogeler seated behind his large 
desk at the North Iowa Co-Operative Processing Association, 
in Mason City, Iowa. 1953.
• Summary:  See next page. At the upper right of the photo is 
an open window, with many panes, which shows a bulldozer 
in front of a soybean crushing plant under construction. A 
digital scan of this black-and-white photograph was sent 
to Soyfoods Center on 16 June 2005 by Gary Pogeler of 
Pennsylvania; he owns the original photo.
263. Kentucky Farm Bureau News. 1954. Co-op Council 
holds 1st annual meet. Jan.
• Summary: The ﬁ rst annual meeting of the Kentucky 
Cooperative Council was held in Louisville in November; 
68 Kentucky cooperatives are now members of the group. 
The Council’s president is Al Reisz, manager, Ohio Valley 
Soybean Cooperative (Henderson). Names of all ofﬁ cers are 
given. A photo shows Reisz and others seated at a table.
264. Northern Utilization Research Branch, Agricultural 
Research Service. 1954. Seventh Annual Cooperative 
Soybean Oil Mills Conference on problems of cooperative 
soybean oil mills [Proceedings]. Peoria, Illinois. 19 p. Held 
3-4 May 1954 at the Hanford Hotel, Mason City, Iowa. Publ: 
June 21.
• Summary: This conference was sponsored by: (1) 
Agricultural Research Service, Northern Utilization Research 
Branch, Peoria, Illinois; (2) Farmer Cooperative Service, 
Cotton and Oilseeds Branch [USDA], Washington, DC. (3) 
North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association, Mason City, 
Iowa (manager Glenn Pogeler, who gave the ﬁ rst welcoming 
remarks).
 A detailed program is given. Presentations 
included: “Recent ﬁ ndings on the toxicity of TESOM 
(trichloroethylene extracted soybean oil meal), by L.L. 
McKinney of Peoria. Panel discussion: “Procurement 
problems of cooperative soybean oil mills. Chair: Dr. W.W. 
Fetrow, Chief, Farmer Cooperative Service. Panelists: 
Maurice Maze, manager, M.F.A. Cooperative Grain and 
Feed Company, Mexico, Missouri. S.O. Frey, manager, 
Producers Cooperative Association, Girard, Kansas. 
C.W. Hanson, manager, Big 4 Cooperative Processing 
Association, Sheldon, Iowa. “Government programs as they 
affect producers and 
processors of cottonseed 
and soybeans,” by 
Glenn Pogeler. “Has 
operation to date justiﬁ ed 
conversion to solvent 
extraction?,” by Ed Olson 
(manager, Boone Valley) 
and Glenn Pogeler. After 
lunch there was a guided 
tour of the facilities of the 
North Iowa Cooperative 
Processing Association.
 On pages 18-19 is a 
“List of attendance” 
from Farm Cooperative 
Associations, listed here 
alphabetically: Big 4 
Cooperative Processing 
Ass’n, Lake Park & 
Sheldon, Iowa. Boone 
Valley Cooperative 


=== PAGE 92 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   92
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Processing Ass’n., Eagle Grove & Woolstock, Iowa. Co-Op 
Vegetable Oils, Ltd., Alton, Manitoba, Canada. Farmers 
Cooperative Ass’n., Ralston, Iowa. Farmers Cooperative 
Company, Dike, Iowa. Farmers Grain Dealers Ass’n., Des 
Moines, Iowa. Farmers Union Grain Terminal Ass’n. [GTA], 
St. Paul, Minnesota. Imperial Hay Growers Ass’n., Brawley, 
California. M.F.A. Co-op Grain and Feed Company [MFA], 
Mexico, Missouri. North Iowa Cooperative Processing 
Ass’n., Mason City & Nora Springs, Iowa. Northwest 
Co-op Mills, St. Paul, Minnesota. Producers Cooperative 
Ass’n., Girard, Kansas. Southwest Flaxseed Ass’n., Imperial, 
California. Tri-County Co-op Soybean Ass’n. [later renamed 
Dawson Mills], Dawson, Minnesota. West Bend Elevator 
Company, West Bend, Iowa.
 Note 1. This is the earliest English-language document 
seen (Sept. 2016) that uses the acronym “TESOM.”
 Note 2. North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association 
apparently now has two plants. Nora Springs is about 9 miles 
due east of Mason City. Address: Peoria, Illinois.
265. New Orleans Agricultural Research Service, Southern 
Utilization Research Branch. 1955. Journal of Proceedings, 
Annual Conference on Problems of Cooperative Cottonseed 
and Soybean Oil Mills [First]. 41 p. Held March 7-9, 1955 at 
Caprock Hotel, Lubbock, Texas.
• Summary: This conference was sponsored by: (1) 
Agricultural Research Service, Southern Utilization Research 
Branch, New Orleans, Louisiana. (2) Northern Utilization 
Branch, Peoria, Illinois. (3) Farmer Cooperative Service, 
Cotton and Oilseeds Branch [USDA], Washington, DC 
(Ward W. Fetrow, chief). (4) Plains Cooperative Oil Mill, 
Lubbock, Texas (Roy B. Davis, General Manager). Papers 
included: “Soybean viewpoint,” by Glenn Pogeler. Address: 
Lubbock, Texas.
266. Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative News. 1955-1961. 


=== PAGE 93 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   93
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Serial/periodical. Henderson, Kentucky: OVSC. V ol. 1, No. 
1. July 1955, to at least June 1961. Frequency: Monthly.
• Summary: In July 1955, the president of the cooperative 
was Charles B. Smith; the manager was A.I. Reisz, 
who continues as manager until at least 1961. Address: 
Henderson, Kentucky.
267. Reisz, A.I. 1955. Cooperative organization is mutual 
obligation of several groups. Ohio Valley Soybean 
Cooperative News (Henderson, Kentucky) 1(1):1-2. July.
• Summary: “Our cooperative was organized nearly ﬁ fteen 
years ago [1940] as a result of the vision and perseverance of 
the farm leaders of that day. Its purpose was to better market 
the soybeans you as farmers were producing. I believe that 
the history of our organization, if it were carefully studied, 
would prove beyond all doubt that it has succeeded in 
accomplishing this purpose.
 “A cooperative is a joint undertaking by a group 
of people organized to do a speciﬁ c job which they as 
individuals are unable do for themselves. A cooperative is 
composed of three distinct groups of people: (1) patrons and 
stockholders, (2) board of directors, and (3) personnel. If the 
cooperative is to serve the purpose for which it was set up, 
each of these groups must do their part.”
 Small portrait photos on page 1 show: A.I. Reisz, 
wearing a bow tie and glasses, Oscar D. Keck (vice 
president), and Charles B. Smith (president). Address: 
Manager, Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative, Henderson, 
Kentucky.
268. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1955. 
Charles B. Smith quits as head of the soybean coop. Sept. 8. 
p. 1, 9.
• Summary: “Charles B. Smith stepped down yesterday 
after 15 years as president of the Ohio Valley Soybean Co-
operative, and O.D. Keck of Mt. Vernon, Indiana, was named 
to succeed him.” The board of directors held its meeting here 
“prior to last night’s annual stockholders’ dinner...” Smith 
has asked to be relieved of his duties “because of injuries 
received in an automobile crash several months ago. Smith 
becomes chairman of the board of directors. James R. Rash, 
Jr... was named vice president.”
 Keck told the stockholders that the coop had shown 
a loss in income last year; the customary dividend was 
suspended. There has been a drop in demand for the coop’s 
main product, soybean meal; to offset this, the board voted to 
start mixing stock feed here.
 J. Ward Calland of Decatur, Indiana, president of the 
National Soybean Crop Improvement Council, was the main 
after-dinner speaker last night. The banquet was attended by 
upward of 400 people.
269. National Soybean Processors Association. 1955. Year 
book, 1955-1956 (Association year). Chicago, Illinois. 48 p.
• Summary: On the cover (but not the title page) is written: 
“Year Book and Trading Rules, 1955-1956.” Contents: 
Constitution and by-laws and code of ethics. Ofﬁ cers, 
directors and committees for 1955-56. Membership of the 
National Soybean Processors Association. Trading rules 
on soybean oil meal. Appendix to trading rules on soybean 
oil meal: Ofﬁ cial methods of analysis (moisture, protein, 
oil, crude ﬁ ber {only method numbers listed}, sampling of 
soybean oil meal). Trading rules on soybean oil: Tentative 
reﬁ ned oil speciﬁ cations. Appendix to trading rules on 
soybean oil: Uniform sales contract, standard speciﬁ cations 
for crude soybean oil for technical uses, grading soybean oil 
for color (N.S.P.A. tentative method), methods of analysis 
(A.O.C.S. ofﬁ cial methods): Soybean oil, crude; soybean oil, 
reﬁ ned; soybean oil, reﬁ ned and bleached; soybean oil for 
technical uses; soap stock, acidulated soap stock and tank 
bottoms (only method numbers listed).
 The section titled “Of ﬁ cers, directors, and committees” 
(p. 12-15) states: President: R.G. Houghtlin. V .P., Chairman 
Executive Committee: Dwight L. Dannen. Secretary: E.A. 
Cayce. Treasurer: H.A. Abbott. Executive Committee: 
Dwight L. Dannen, Chairman, D.O. Andreas, H.A. Abbott, 
R.G. Golseth (term ending Sept. 1956). E.A. Cayce, A.C. 
Hoehne, R.G. Houghtlin, W.E. Huge (term ending Sept. 
1957).
 Board of Directors (Term expiring Sept. 1956): E.A. 
Cayce, Jasper Giovanna, Willard C. Lighter, M.D. McVay, 
Ralph S. Moore, Clark Yager. Term expiring Sept. 1957: 
D.O. Andreas, Earl J. Brubaker, Dwight L. Dannen, R.B. 
Jude, W.H. Knap, Glenn Pogeler. Term expiring Sept. 1958: 
S.D. Andrews, Jr., S.E. Cramer, A.C. Hoehne, W.E. Huge, 
Donald C. Ogg, J.J. Quinlan.
 Standing committees: For each committee, the names 
of all members (with the chairman designated), with the 
company and company address of each are given–Trafﬁ c and 
transportation. Technical. Soybean grades and contracts. Oil 
trading rules. Meal trading rules. Crop improvement council. 
Soybean research council. Uniform rules and standards for 
soybean oil meal. Safety and insurance. Lecithin. Regional: 
Ohio and East; Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Wisconsin 
and Northwestern Missouri; Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska, 
South Dakota; Kansas, and Western Missouri; Southeastern 
Missouri and the Mississippi River Delta Sections.
 The following organizations, and individuals are 
members of NSPA: Albers Milling Co., Los Angeles, 
California (W.P. Kyle). Allied Mills, Inc., Board of Trade 
Bldg., Chicago, Illinois; Peoria, Illinois; Taylorville, 
Illinois; Omaha, Nebraska. Archer-Daniels-Midland Co., 
Box 839, Minneapolis 2, Minnesota; Mankato, Minnesota; 
Decatur, Illinois; Baldwin Oil Mill, Inc., Foley, Alabama 
(W.H. Sessions). Belzoni Oil Works, Belzoni, Mississippi 
(Irby Turner). Big 4 Co-op. Processing Assn., Sheldon, 
Iowa (Chas. W. Hanson). Boone Valley Co-op. Processing 
Assn., Eagle Grove, Iowa (Edward Olson). Borden’s Soy 

=== PAGE 94 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   94
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Processing Co., New York 17, New York (E.J. Brubaker); 
Waterloo, Iowa; Chicago 4, Illinois (James R. Pentis); 
Kankakee, Illinois. Buckeye Cotton Oil Co. (The), Cincinnati 
1, Ohio (W.H. Knapp, R.B. Williams); Little Rock, Arkansas; 
Wilson, Arkansas; Louisville, Kentucky; Greenwood, 
Mississippi; New Madrid, Missouri; Raleigh, North 
Carolina; Memphis, Tennessee. Cargill, Inc., Minneapolis 15, 
Minnesota (M.D. McVay, Jay Haymaker); Chicago 3, Illinois 
(W.B. Saunders); Cedar Rapids, Iowa (C.W. Bohlander); 
Fort Dodge, Iowa (W.J. Wheeler); Washington, Iowa (Hugo 
Lensch); Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (R.F. Hubbard). Central 
Iowa Bean Mill, Gladbrook, Iowa (Paul H. Klinefelter). 
Central Soya Co., Inc., Fort Wayne 2, Indiana (W.E. Huge); 
Gibson City, Illinois (Newell Wright); Decatur, Indiana 
(T.H. Alwein); Marion, Ohio (W.E. Mann); Chattanooga, 
Tennessee (R.W. Fay). Checkerboard Soybean Co., Decatur 
30, Illinois (R.E. Baer). Colchester Processing Co., E. St. 
Louis, Illinois (E.L. McKee). Consumer’s Soybean Mills, 
Inc., Minneapolis 15, Minnesota (Riley W. Lewis). Dannen 
Grain and Milling Co., St. Joseph 1, Missouri (Dwight L. 
Dannen). Delphos Grain and Soya Products Co., Delphos, 
Ohio (Floyd E. Hiegel). Delta Cotton Oil and Fertilizer Co., 
Jackson, Mississippi (Alfred Jenkins). Drackett Co. (The), 
Cincinnati 32, Ohio (Roger Drackett). Farmers Cooperative 
Assn., Ralston, Iowa (Karl Nolin). Farmers Cooperative 
Co., Dike, Iowa (C.M. Gregory). Fremont Cake and Meal 
Co., Fremont, Nebraska (Harry E. Wiysel). Funk Bros. Seed 
Co., Bloomington, Illinois (H.A. Abbott). Galesburg Soy 
Products Co., Galesburg, Illinois (Max Albert). General 
Mills, Inc., Chem. Div., Minneapolis 1, Minnesota (Sewal D. 
Andrews, Jr.); Belmond, Iowa (Walter B. Hotvet); Rossford, 
Ohio (Glenn W. Martin). Glidden Co. (The), Chicago 39, 
Illinois (Willard C. Lighter). Gooch Milling & Elevator 
Co., Lincoln 1, Nebraska (M.R. Eighmy). Haynes Milling 
Co., Inc., Portland, Indiana (Clarence E. Peters). Holland 
Pioneer Mills, Ohio City, Ohio (G.A. Holland). Honeymead 
Products Co., Mankato, Minnesota (D.O. Andreas, L.W. 
Andreas); Huegely Elevator Co., Nashville, Illinois (J.W. 
Huegely). Illinois Soy Products, Springﬁ eld, Illinois (Jasper 
Giovanna, Eric Nadel). Iowa Milling Co., Cedar Rapids, 
Iowa (Joe Sinaiko, Bob Scroggs). Iowa Soy Co., Redﬁ eld, 
Iowa (Donald C. Ogg). Ipava Farmers Processing Co., 
Ipava, Illinois (Phil. Snedeker). Kansas Soya Products 
Co. (The), Emporia, Kansas (Elmer L. Buster). Lauhoff 
Soya Co., Danville, Illinois (R.G. Golseth). Marshall Mills 
Inc., Marshalltown, Iowa (J.I. Johnson). McKee Feed & 
Grain Co., Muscatine, Iowa (L.R. McKee). Mid-States 
Fats and Oils Corp., Peru, Indiana (Oren P. Cochran); 
Indianapolis, Indiana (Paul J. Sicanoff). Minnesota Linseed 
Oil Co., Minneapolis 21, Minnesota (R.J. Lindquist, Jr.). 
Mississippi Cottonseed Prod. Co., Jackson, Mississippi 
(H.E. Covington). Muscatine Processing Corp., Muscatine, 
Iowa (G.A. Kent). North Iowa Cooperative Processing 
Association, Mason City, Iowa (Glenn Pogeler). Ohio 
Valley Soybean Co-op, Henderson, Kentucky (A.I. Reisz). 
Owensboro Grain Co., Owensboro, Kentucky (William M. 
O’Bryan). Paciﬁ c Vegetable Oil Corp., San Francisco 7, 
California (B.T. Rocca, Jr.). Pillsbury Mills, Inc., Clinton, 
Iowa (Clark Yager, D.B. Long, E.A. Blasing). Planters 
Manufacturing Co., Clarksdale, Mississippi (A.K. Shaifer). 
Quaker Oats Co. (The), Chicago 54, Illinois (K.N. Tilden). 
Quincy Soybean Products Co., Quincy, Illinois (Irving 
Rosen, Norman Rosen). Ralston Purina Co., St. Louis 2, 
Missouri (Donald B. Walker); Kansas City, Missouri (F.G. 
Franze); Bloomington, Illinois (D.D. Rowland); Lafayette, 
Indiana (Ralph Guenther); Iowa Falls, Iowa (H.N. Johnson). 
Riverside Oil Mill, Marks, Mississippi (William King Self). 
Sisketon Cotton Oil Mill, Inc., Sisketon, Missouri (P.B. 
Bartmess). Sioux Soya Mills, Div. of Sioux Industries, Inc., 
Sioux City 2, Iowa (John W. Zipoy). Southern Cotton Oil 
Co. (The), Goldsboro, North Carolina (W.V . Westmoreland); 
Tarboro, North Carolina (W.A. Moore). Southland Cotton 
Oil Co., Div. of Anderson Clayton Co., Paris, Texas (James 
R. Gill). Soy-Rich Products, Inc., Wichita, Kansas (Ralph 
S. Moore). Spencer Kellogg and Sons, Inc., Buffalo 5, New 
York (Robert B. Jude); Chicago, Illinois; Decatur, Illinois; 
Des Moines 6, Iowa; Bellevue, Ohio; El Centro, California. 
Swift & Co., Union Stock Yards, Chicago 9, Illinois (S.E. 
Cramer). Tri-County Co-op Soybean Assn., Dawson, 
Minnesota (J.C. Givens). Wells (Ralph) & Co., Monmouth, 
Illinois (Ralph Wells). West Bend Elevator Co., West Bend, 
Iowa (R.W. Jurgens). West Tennessee Soya Mill, Inc., 
Tiptonville, Tennessee (Peter Frederickson).
 Associate Members: American Feed Stores Home 
Organization (The), Minneapolis, Minnesota. Armour & Co., 
Chicago 9, Illinois (John H. Noble). Best Foods, Inc. (The), 
New York 17, NY . Capital City Products Co., Columbus 16, 
Ohio. Clinton Foods Inc., Clinton, Iowa. Cooperative Mills 
Inc., Baltimore 30, Maryland. Cox (Chas. M.) Co., Boston, 
Massachusetts. Humco Co. (The), Memphis 1, Tennessee. 
Kraft Foods Co., Chicago, Illinois. Lever Bros Co., New 
York 22, New York. Procter & Gamble Co., Cincinnati 1, 
Ohio. Spartan Grain & Mill Co., Inc., Spartanburgh, South 
Carolina. Tuckers (Mrs.) Products, Div. of Anderson Clayton 
Co., Sherman, Texas. Wilson & Co., Inc., Chicago, Illinois. 
Address: 3818 Board of Trade Building, Chicago 4, Illinois.
270. Vennes, L.A. 1955. The Ohio Valley Soybean 
Cooperative. Rural Kentuckian 8(11):16-17, 20. Nov.
• Summary: Describes how and why farmers in the 
Henderson area established America’s ﬁ rst soybean 
processing and marketing cooperative. The cooperative 
crushing plant has been a success. Henderson is located in 
the fertile Ohio Valley, 150 miles southwest of Louisville, 
Kentucky, where the production of corn and livestock 
have been major farm enterprises for more than a century. 
Soybeans, a relative newcomer by those standards, have 
done much to improve the economy of the area. Local 

=== PAGE 95 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   95
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
farmers now market more than $2 million worth of soybeans 
a year.
 Much of the bottomland around Henderson is covered 
by overﬂ ow waters from the Ohio River each winter and 
early spring. This the soil is rich and well adapted to growing 
cash crops. Prior to 1938 most of the soybeans grown in 
the area were sold as seed to farmers growing soybean hay. 
But starting in 1938 soybeans began to be produced in large 
enough quantities to be considered a cash grain crop.
 “Farmers then raised this question: ‘Would it be 
proﬁ table and possible to establish a soybean crushing 
plant within this general area?’ To answer this question 
the Extension Service of the University of Kentucky was 
consulted and a detailed survey of the situation was made.” 
It was concluded that such a mill would be possible and 
proﬁ table. And it could supply high-protein feeds very 
economically to livestock farmers in the area. A program 
of acquainting local farmers with the facts of the situation 
was started. “Money was raised by stock subscription from 
farmers on the basis of $1.00 share of stock for each acre of 
soybeans grown over a two year period. In addition to the 
common stock which was sold only to soybean growers, 
$15,000 of the preferred stock was offered to the public.
 “And so the ﬁ  rst cooperative soybean processing plant 
in America was organized late in 1940.
 “By the time the necessary remodeling of the storage 
elevator had been accomplished, the processing plant built, 
and new machinery installed, months had passed and it 
was in the summer of 1941 before the plant was ready for 
operation. By this time most of the 1940 crop of soybeans 
had been marketed, and only enough beans from that crop 
were processed to test out the machinery and iron out the 
many operating problems that a new organization may 
expect to encounter.
 “The ﬁ rst year only 19,179 bushels of beans were 
processed.”
 A table (p. 20) shows the amount of soybean handled 
and the value of the products in ﬁ scal year 1941, 1945, and 
1954 (each year ending July 31). The number of bushels of 
soybeans handled increased from 19,179 in 1941 to 631,248 
in 1945, to 700,225 in 1954. The total value of the products 
grew from $28,895 in 1941 to $1,399,911 in 1945, to 
$2,055,085 in 1954.
 Photos show: (1) An aerial view of the Ohio Valley 
Soybean Cooperative facilities at Henderson. (2) Receiving 
soybeans at the soybean co-op, as a truck dumps its load into 
an underground hopper. Address: Marketing Specialist, Univ. 
of Kentucky.
271. Polk’s Mason City (Cerro Gordo County, Iowa) 
directory. 1955. Omaha, Nebraska: R.L. Polk & Co. 729 p. 
See p. 271, 296.
• Summary: This is the earliest listing found for Glenn H. 
Pogeler or his company in Mason City, Iowa, city directories. 
Page 271. North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association, 
1605 19 St. S.W., Mason City. Phone: 1600. General Mgr.: 
Glenn H. Pogeler. Asst. Mgr.: H.D. Rissler. Trafﬁ c Mgr.: 
Harold Peterson. Plant Superintendent: Harold H. Tietjens. 
Description: Soybean processors.
 Page 296: Pogeler, Glenn H. (residence; Ardis is his 
wife), 118 Willowbrook Dr.
 No listings for Pogeler or his business were found in 
1950 or 1953 Mason City city directories.
272. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1956. 
Sewer explosions send covers rocketing into air. Dec. 26. p. 
1.
• Summary: The explosions on Christmas eve “occurred in 
a series starting about 6:30 p.m., and continuing until 8:30 
p.m. The ﬁ ve manhole covers involved are from the railroad 
crossing on outer Fifth street to the Ohio Valley Soybean 
cooperative.” One cover was thrown 30 feet in the air from 
its hole.
 “The backlash of the subterranean blasts gushed water 
from bathroom ﬁ xtures in the area, and disrupted things in 
general. A boy was slightly injured when ‘blown’ across a 
kitchen as the backlash exploded in his face from a kitchen 
sink.”
 At one point, “ ﬁ re gushed from one of the 24-inch 
manholes three to four feet into the air. This blazed for about 
25 minutes, observers said.”
 Herman Hussel, water and sewer superintendent, “said 
last night that 150 to 175 feet of the sewer line had been 
blown out of position by ﬁ ve or six inches and must be re-
laid. The ﬁ ve manholes affected probably will have to be 
reworked, he added.”
 Note 1. In 1948 the Ohio Valley Soybean cooperative 
started processing its soybeans using hexane solvent. Gas 
escaping from this solvent and leaking into the sewer mains 
along Fifth Street probably caused the explosions (Boyett 
2004). On 25 Jan. 1957 the city ended up paying $1,250 for 
500 feet of new sewer pipe; the cause of the explosions was 
not yet identiﬁ ed. “The general public didn’t ﬁ nd out what 
caused the manholes. No to ﬂ ip their lids until 10 Sept. 1957, 
the day after the Henderson City Commission approved a 
$1,857 settlement with Aetna Insurance, the carrier for the 
Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative” (Boyett, Frank. 2006. 
“Silent night?: Explosions in sewer main caused quite a 
ruckus on Christmas 50 years ago.” Henderson Gleaner. 
Dec. 24. p. 5A).
 Note 2. The Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative is now 
(Feb. 2007) the Bakery Feeds complex.
273. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Halstad Elevator Company.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Halstad, Minnesota.
Date of Introduction:  1956.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.

=== PAGE 96 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   96
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, 
Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of cottonseed and soybean 
processing cooperatives.” USDA Farmer Cooperative 
Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 p. July. See p. 10. 
Table 5 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean processing plants 
that had ceased operations as of 1970.” 13. Halstad Elevator 
Company (Halstad, Minnesota, 1956).
274. Journal of Proceedings, Annual Conference on 
Problems of Cooperative Cottonseed and Soybean Oil Mills 
[Second]. 1956. 25 p. *
275. International Cooperation Administration, Technical 
Aids Branch. 1956. Soybean processing. Washington, DC. 
35 p. *
• Summary: Note: The International Cooperation 
Administration was the precursor to USAID.
276. Parker, Florence E. 1956. The ﬁ rst 125 years: A history 
of distributive and service cooperation in the United States, 
1829-1954. Chicago, Illinois: Cooperative League of the 
USA. 462 p. Illust. 22 cm. *
• Summary: An excellent book on early cooperative 
developments.
277. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1957. 
Soybean fraud plot revealed; Man seized as police break 
case. Jan. 5. p. 1.
• Summary: “A scheme which defrauded the Ohio Valley 
Soybean Cooperative of ‘many thousands of dollars’ over the 
past several years was revealed here yesterday with the arrest 
of an employee of the cooperative.” A photo shows Joseph 
Nicholas Eggler, age 44, of 431 Tenth St.; he “was charged 
with being the key man in the plan in three warrants ﬁ led 
yesterday in city court and signed by A.I. Reisz, manager of 
the soybean cooperative.” Egger is now in “county jail under 
a total bond of $10,000. He refused to make a statement 
when booked yesterday.”
278. Sandefur, Hugh E. 1957. Co-op sues in circuit court to 
recover all. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 
Jan. 11. p. 1, 10.
• Summary: “The Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative. in a 
civil action ﬁ led in Circuit court yesterday, set at $46,560.27 
a loss it has charged was incurred by fraud. The suit named 
12 co-defendants”–whose names are given. The ﬁ rst man 
arrested was Joseph Nicholas Eggler.
279. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1957. 
Two accused in soybean fraud; a record jury. Jan. 12. p. 1, 6.
• Summary: “A January grand jury set a number of records 
for endurance and accomplishment in its four and a half day 
decision which concluded at 12:25 p.m., yesterday with the 
return of 75 indictments involving 23 individuals.
 “Fifty-ﬁ  ve of the indictments were returned against two 
men–Joseph Nicholas Eggler of Henderson and Thomas V . 
Greenwell of Morganﬁ eld.”
 “The 55 indictments involve a total of 15,581 bushels 
of soybeans the company claims were paid for but not 
delivered, with a total value of $39,267.35.” Both Eggler and 
Greenwell are under $27,500 bond. Eggler is a weighman for 
the cooperative and Greenwell is a farmer in Union County.
280. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1957. 
Greenwell taken at Morganﬁ eld, put in Jail here. Jan. 13. p. 
1.
• Summary: Thomas V . Greenwell is age 33. “Eggler has 
a record of 10 years AWOL from the army. Greenwell 
was charged with complicity in the armed robbery of the 
Southside Liquor store in January 1954.” Greenwell was 
charged with seduction in 1945 and with drunken driving in 
1947.
281. Sandefur, Hugh Edward. 1957. Soybean fraud sift one 
of most intensive here. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, 
Kentucky). Jan. 13. p. 1.
• Summary: “The major part of the work was done by 
Capt. Clif
ford Hooper of the detective division of the 
[Henderson police] department, and Mrs. Charles H. Wolf, 
whose regular duties are in the police record room.” These 
two investigators worked for ﬁ ve intensive weeks to amass 
“information that piled a foot high.” The records included 
sworn afﬁ davits and statements from hundreds of individual 
interviews. The two worked for 13-14 hours a day, putting in 
more than 100 hours of overtime on the case, and traveling 
hundreds of miles. “They were racing for a Jan. 7 deadline–
when the grand jury would meet.”
 On Oct. 14 A.I. Reisz, manager of the soybean 
cooperative ﬁ rst noticed a shortage in his ﬁ rms accounts, and 
believed he spotted some forgeries. The case was given to 
Hooper and Wolf on Nov. 30 at the request of the mayor.
282. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1957. 
Restraining rule against Millses lifted by court. Jan. 17. p. 1.
• Summary: “Mrs. Mills is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Joseph N. Eggler. Eggler is in county jail awaiting trial for 
the part he played in issuing fake weight receipts which were 
paid off by the cooperative.”
283. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1957. 
New indictments block Eggler liberty on bail. Jan. 22. p. 1.
• Summary: Sheriff Lee Williams served “eight more 
warrants charging Eggler with forgery.” His bond is now 
$12,800. His wife, Mariana Eggler, has also been indicted for 
“false swearing.”
284. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1957. 

=== PAGE 97 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   97
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Seating of jury fails in ﬁ rst day of bean trial. Feb. 19. p. 1.
• Summary: Those excused from jury duty admitted they had 
formed an opinion in the case or were stockholders in the 
cooperative. Greenwell and Eggler have been charged with 
participating in a scheme under which fake weight slips were 
issued for soybeans not delivered to the cooperative”–which 
honored the slips with check payments.
 Greenwell will be tried ﬁ rst, separately. “Eggler 
probably will not be tried until May. Each man is under 
$12,600 bond.”
285. Kerler, George H. 1957. State points at two men as trial 
opens. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). Feb. 20. 
p. 1, 10.
• Summary: Detailed allegations against Thomas V . 
Greenwell were made by the Commonwealth’s Attorney 
John S. Palmore to a Circuit court jury yesterday. Greenwell 
is “charged with forgery in an alleged conspiracy to defraud 
the cooperative of about $40,000 in a scheme dating back to 
1952.”
286. Kerler, George H. 1957. Fireman says he joined plot to 
help farmer. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 
Feb. 21. p. 1, 6.
• Summary: Gordon Morgan, a ﬁ reman, was on duty in 
Morganﬁ eld when he should have been hauling a load of 
soy beans to the “Ohio Vaeely Soybean cooperative” on 
Oct. 9 [1956]. Morgan, who also helps Greenwell with a 
large farming operation, “admitted endorsing the checks 
and handing the cash over to Greenwell.” Greenwell paid 
various farm laborers to participate in his scheme. When one, 
William Hancock, refused to participate, “Greenwell put 
him off the farm where he was living.” “Greenwell is being 
tried on one indictment only, the transaction of Oct. 9-10 
involving Gordon Morgan.”
287. Kerler, George H. 1957. Reisz explains object on bar 
can ﬁ x weight. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 
Feb. 22. p. 1, 12.
• Summary: “Greenwell is charged with participating in a 
forgery racket which may have cost the soybean mill more 
than $40,000 since 1952.
 “Reisz said that last Oct. 14, when the co-op became 
suspicious of an unusually large number of soybean 
shipments from Greenwell interests, it was discovered that 
by placing a 10-pound object on the balance bars... of the 
scale a weight of 27,500 pounds could be registered. By 
moving the object, the registered weight could be lowered to 
the desired poundage.”
288. Kerler, George H. 1957. Says he signed two names but 
changed style. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 
Feb. 23. p. 1, 6.
• Summary: Maxwell Allen of Louisville, an “examiner of 
questioned documents told the Circuit court jury yesterday 
that 27 weight tickets issued to the Ohio Valley Soybean 
cooperative and challenged as forgeries by the state were 
written by the same individual–Joseph Nicholas Eggler”–
”although he tried to sign the names of the driver and seller 
in different styles.”
289. Kerler, George H. 1957. Bean producer testiﬁ es after 
state ﬁ nishes. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 
Feb. 26. p. 1, 8.
• Summary: “Thomas V . Greenwell told a [Henderson] 
Circuit court jury that a soybean weight ticket was issued to 
one of his friends so that operating expenses could be met 
and creditors temporarily avoided.”
290. Kerler, George H. 1957. Banker joins witnesses in 
Greenwell aid. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 
Feb. 27. p. 1, 10.
• Summary: Several witnesses testiﬁ ed in an attempt to 
establish Greenwell’
s good reputation.
291. Kerler, George H. 1957. Jury is out 31 minutes. Gleaner 
and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). Feb. 28. p. 1, 8.
• Summary: “Thomas Vincent Greenwell was sentenced 
to ﬁ ve years in the penitentiary yesterday by a Henderson 
Circuit court jury which took 31 minutes to reach the verdict. 
The trial lasted six and a half days.
 “Greenwell, 31 year old farmer from Uniontown and 
father of six children, received the maximum penalty.”
 William L. Sullivan, chief defense counsel, “said the 
co-op is really after Eggler–’not this daddy of six children.’” 
A photo shows Greenwell.
292. Day, Bill. 1957. State pledges to tie him to soybean 
fraud. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). June 12. 
p. 1, 10.
• Summary: “A jury of 11 men and one woman heard the 
ﬁ rst witnesses yesterday in the trial of Joseph N. Eggler in 
the alleged fraud of the Ohio Valley Soybean cooperative.
 “They also heard Commonwealth’s [of Kentucky] 
Attorney John Palmore declare he would prove that Eggler 
falsiﬁ ed weights while working as night weighmaster at 
the co-op, and that Eggler and his wife spent in the years of 
1952-1956 far more money than his normal income could 
have allowed.”
293. Day, Bill. 1957. Cheat bean scales: Weights or a pencil 
can do it, says Reisz. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, 
Kentucky). June 13. p. 1, 11.
• Summary: “A Circuit court jury was told yesterday how 
the scales of a soybean plant could be manipulated to record 
a receipt of beans when no truck was standing on the scale.
 “A.I. Reisz, manager and secretary-treasurer of the Ohio 
Valley Soybean cooperative explained two methods as he 

=== PAGE 98 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   98
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
testiﬁ ed in the fraud trial of Joseph N. Eggler.
 “Eggler is under 63 indictments for fraud at the mill, 
which has been estimated to run between $40,000 and 
$50,000 dollars.” The two methods, Reisz explained, can 
involve use of either a 10 pound weight or a pencil.
294. Day, Bill. 1957. Experts point to signatures at fraud 
trial. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). June 14. 
p. 1, 12.
• Summary: “The commonwealth introduced two 
handwriting experts and a lie detector operator in Circuit 
court yesterday.” Maxwell Allen said he had made enlarged 
photographs of signatures written by Eggler and that these 
signatures were disguised.
295. Day, Bill. 1957. Eggler takes stand, denies fraud 
charges. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). June 
15. p. 1, 6.
• Summary: “Joseph N. Eggler took the witness stand in his 
own defense yesterday and denied any part of charges that he 
conspired to defraud the Ohio Valley Soybean cooperative of 
what the ﬁ rm says amounted to $50,000.”
 “Eggler took the stand as the ﬁ rst defense witness after 
the state rested its case...” “He testiﬁ ed that during the bean 
season his salary with Ohio Valley was 63½ cents per hour 
for an 84-hour week, seven days a week, and that his weekly 
check was usually $60 to $70 a week when he started.”
296. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1957. 
Egglers tell jury of cash that she had. June 18. p. 1, 6.
• Summary: Eggler and his wife both took the witness stand. 
“Their general testimony was intended to show that they had 
money to spend beyond what he had earned as an employee 
at the cooperative.”
297. Day, Bill. 1957. Jury condemns him for fraud at 
soybean mill. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 
June 19. p. 1, 10.
• Summary: “Joseph Norman Eggler was convicted 
yesterday of conspiracy in a plot against the Ohio Valley 
Soybean co-operative and sentenced to one year in jail.” The 
jury of 11 men and one woman deliberated for a little over 
one hour before returning the verdict. The trial lasted 8 days. 
The judge was Norris Vincent.
298. Robinson, Charles E. 1958. Hedging principles 
and practices in soybeans and other commodities. Paper 
presented at the Fourth Annual Joint Conference of 
Cooperative Cottonseed Oil Mills and Cooperative Soybean 
Oil Mills. 10 p. Held 5 March 1958 at Mason City, Iowa.
• Summary: Begins with a brief summary of the functions 
of the Commodity Exchange Authority (CEA), which “are 
designed to prevent price manipulation and corners [as in 
‘cornering the market’] affecting agricultural commodities,... 
and to prevent dissemination of false and misleading crop 
and market information affecting prices; protect hedgers 
and other users of the commodity futures markets against 
cheating, fraud and manipulative practices; insure the beneﬁ t 
of membership privileges on contract markets to cooperative 
associations of producers;... and provide information to the 
public regarding trading operations on contract markets.
 “The CEA supervises trading on all of the commodity 
exchanges on which soybeans and oilseed product futures 
are traded.” Hedging, which is deﬁ ned in the Commodity 
Exchange Act, can reduce price risks.
 Note: In 1974 Congress amended the Commodity 
Exchange Act (CEA) and on 15 April 1975 created the 
Commodity Futures Trading Committee (CFTC) to replace 
the Commodity Exchange Authority. The stated ‘mission’ 
of the CFTC is to protect market users and the public from 
fraud, manipulation, and abusive practices related to the sale 
of commodity and ﬁ nancial futures and options, and to foster 
open, competitive, and ﬁ nancially sound futures and option 
markets. Address: Supervisor in Charge, Chicago ofﬁ ce, 
USDA Commodity Exchange Authority, Washington, DC.
299. SoyaScan Notes. 1958. Letters (5) received by Glenn 
Pogeler from U.S. government ofﬁ cials in reply to his letters 
(Overview). Compiled by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: During 1958 Glenn Pogeler was Manager, 
North Iowa Co-Operative (spelled “Cooperative” after June 
1958) Processing Association, 1605 19th Street, S.W., Mason 
City, Iowa. These letters are each typed on a letterhead with 
a signature.
 1958 April 25–Re: Request that $100,000 be included 
in USDA’s budget for soybean research, including rust 
prevention. From B.B. Hickenlooper, Iowa, U.S. Senate 
Committee on Agriculture and Forestry.
 1958 June 17–Re: Possibility of exporting sizeable 
quantity of soybean oil to the Soviet Union through 
commercial channels. “I have often said we should engage in 
trade with the Soviet Union when it is to our advantage to do 
so. Mr. [Don] Paarlberg [Assistant Secretary of Agriculture 
for Marketing and Foreign Agriculture, USDA] has informed 
me of your visit. I understand that he has contacted the 
State Department...” From Ezra Taft Benson, Secretary of 
Agriculture.
 1958 July 26–Re: “A appreciate your wire in support 
of my efforts to protect the soybean oil industry through a 
vegetable oil amendment to the farm bill. I am pleased that I 
was able to be successful in getting it enacted.” From Hubert 
H. Humphrey, U.S. Senate Committee on Agriculture and 
Forestry.
 1958 July 28–Re: Telegram of July 25 in regard to S. 
2990. From Thomas E. Martin, Senator, Iowa.
 1958 Sept. 26–Re: Thank you for letter expressing 
“hope that I would be able to arrange my schedule to attend 

=== PAGE 99 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   99
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
the meeting of the International Association of Oilseed 
Crushers at Cannes, France the ﬁ rst week of June.” From 
Ezra Taft Benson, Secretary of Agriculture.
300. Soybean Digest. 1958. Index of advertisers. Sept. p. 4.
• Summary: Aeroglide Corp. Air-O-Flex Equipment Co. 
Allied Mills, Inc. American Mineral Spirits Co. [Amsco]. 
V D. Anderson Co. William H. Banks Warehouses, Inc. 
Barrow-Agee Laboratories, Inc. Philip T. Berkley. Bin-
Dicator Co. Blaw-Knox Co. R.W. Booker & Associates. 
R.J. Brown Co. Buhler Mill Engineering Co. Butler 
Manufacturing Co. Cargill, Inc. Central Soya Co., Inc. Chase 
Bag Co. Columbian Steel Tank Co. D.R. Comenzo & Co. 
Crippen Manufacturing Co. Crown Iron Works Co. Dannen 
Mills, Inc. Davidson-Kennedy Co. Delphos Grain & Soya 
Products Co. Albert Dickinson Co. Drake Petroleum Co. 
Dunbar Kapple Inc. Eastern States Petroleum & Chemical 
Corp. A.T. Ferrell & Co. Filter Fabrics, Inc. French Oil 
Mill Machinery Co. General Mills, Inc. Grain Analysis. 
B.F. Gump Co. Ben Gustafson & Son Mfg. Co. Jacob Hartz 
Seed Co., Inc. Hess Terminal Corp. Honeymead Products 
Co. Huntley Manufacturing Co. Industrial Commodity 
Corp. Inland Forwarding Co. Iowa Milling Co. Kansas Soya 
Products Co., Inc. Lauhoff Soya Co. Law & Co. George 
Lloyd Levin. Myers-Sherman Co. Nellis Feed Co. Nickel 
Plate Road. North Iowa Cooperative Processing Assn. 
Penola Oil Co. Phillips Petroleum Co. Pillsbury Mills, Inc. 
Port of New Orleans [Louisiana]. Prater Pulverizer Co. PTC 
Cable Co. Quincy Soybean Products Co. Rice Grain Corp. 
Rolfes Grain Aeration Companies. Seedburo Equipment Co. 
Shanzer Manufacturing Co. W.M. Simeral & Co. Simon-
Carter Co. Standard Commission Co. Stillpass Transit Co. 
Suttle Equipment Corp. Twin City Machine Co. Urbana 
Laboratories. B.I. Weller Co. K.I. Willis Corp. Woodson-
Tenent Laboratories.
 Note: The September issue of Soybean Digest generally 
contains the most pages (and most advertisers) of any issue 
for the year, because it contains the report of the annual 
convention in the form of many of the papers presented 
there.
301. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Arkansas Grain Corporation. 
Renamed Riceland Foods in 1970.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Stuttgart, Arkansas.
Date of Introduction:  1958 October.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Carle, W.F. 1962. American 
Cooperation. p. 326-30. “Cooperative pooling of soybeans 
under the new support price regulations.” See p. 326. “In 
1960 the Arkansas Grain Corporation constructed a 1,000 ton 
(33,000 bushel) per day soybean solvent extraction plant at 
Stuttgart, Arkansas. Except when shut down for maintenance 
and repairs, that plant has operated continuously since the 
last part of October 1960.”
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 9. Arkansas 
Grain Corporation (Stuttgart, Arkansas, 1958).
302. Portrait photograph of Glenn Pogeler dressed in a coat 
and tie. 1958.
• Summary:  See below. A stamp on the rear of the photo 
shows that it was taken by S.W. Lock, a photographer in 
Mason City, Iowa. Allen Pogeler guesses that the pin in 
Glenn’s lapel could have been related to the Lutheran Church 
or the Chamber of Commerce. A digital scan of this black-
and-white photograph was sent to Soyfoods Center on 16 
June 2005 by Allen Pogeler of Encinitas, California.
303. SoyaScan Notes. 1959. Letters (9) received by Glenn 
Pogeler from U.S. government ofﬁ cials in reply to his letters 
(Overview). Compiled by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: During 1959 Glenn Pogeler was Manager, 
North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association, 1605 19th 
Street, S.W., Mason City, Iowa. These letters are each typed 
on a letterhead with a signature.


=== PAGE 100 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   100
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 1959 March 7–Re: “It was nice to have the opportunity 
of visiting with you when you were in my ofﬁ ce recently.” 
Thanks “for the enclosed resolutions adopted at the Farmers 
Grain Dealers Association of Iowa convention in Des 
Moines, Iowa.” From: Merwin Coad, Representative, 6th 
District Iowa, House of Representatives, Washington, DC.
 1959 July 10–Re: Thanks for “enclosing copies of letters 
which you have written to Senator Humphrey and Senator 
Fulbright regarding the so-called ‘Food for Peace’ bill.” 
From B.B. Hickenlooper, Iowa, U.S. Senate Committee on 
Agriculture and Forestry.
 1959 July 15–Re: “I am deeply grateful for your interest 
in my Food for Peace proposal... the bill will be considered 
in the near future by the Senate Committee on Foreign 
Relations. Enclosed is the speech I made in the Senate upon 
introduction of the bill, along with a copy of the bill itself, as 
well as my testimony at the recent hearings.” From Hubert 
H. Humphrey, U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations.
 1959 July 15–Re: “Senator Humphrey’s bill S. 1711, the 
Food for Peace bill. From J.W. Fulbright, Chairman, U.S. 
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations.
 1959 July 15–Re: Legislation to extend Public Law 480. 
From: Merwin Coad, Representative, 6th District Iowa, U.S. 
House of Representatives.–1959 Aug. 17–Re: Humphrey 
Food for Peace bill. “I... agree that the farm surplus situation 
demands close attention.” From H.R. Gross, Iowa, U.S. 
House of Representatives.
 1959 Aug. 20–Re: Thanks for the copy of your telegram 
addressed to Senator Lyndon Johnson concerning the “Food 
for Peace” bill. From Thomas E. Martin, Iowa, U.S. House 
of Representatives.
 1959 Sept. 24–Re: “I want to thank you very much 
for the support you generously gave to the Food for Peace 
amendments to Public Law 480.” Without “wholehearted 
support such as yours, it would not have been possible 
to get the two-year extension of the law, the expanded 
use of foreign currencies, and the edible oil donation 
section enacted.” From Hubert H. Humphrey, U.S. Senate 
Committee on Agriculture and Forestry.
 1959 Sept. 29–Re: Thanks for “your favorable attitude 
on S. 2690, a bill which I introduced recently in the Senate.” 
From: Senator Karl E. Mundt, U.S. Senate.
304. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1959. Heart attack is fatal to 
Ed Olson. June 4. p. A1, A4.
• Summary: Edward William Olson died on 30 May 1959 in 
Eagle Grove, Iowa. He suffered a heart attack at about 6:45 
a.m. Saturday and died before medical attention could reach 
him. Services were held in the Samuel Evangelical and Eagle 
Grove Evangelical Lutheran churches. He was buried in 
Rose Hill Cemetery. The Rev. B.F. Molstre ofﬁ ciated at both 
services and at the grave side also.
 “Attended by hundreds from nine states (perhaps 
more) it was one of the largest services ever held in Eagle 
Grove. Olson’s friends and business contacts covered the 
entire country as he was developing the multi-million dollar 
soybean processing plant.”
 Two long obituaries are given. He married Florence 
Paul of Albert City on April 20, 1930; they established 
their ﬁ rst home in that city. In 1931 he and his wife moved 
to Highview, where he accepted a job as manager of the 
Highview Farmers Coop Elevator of Webster City, earning 
$90 a month. “In 1935 the Woolstock Cooperative hired 
Olson and he moved there where he remained until he and 
other associates decided to organize a soybean processing 
cooperative.
 “In 1944 [sic, 1943] it was decided to locate the 
processing plant in Eagle Grove, and Olson and his family 
moved to the city” in Sept. 1943.
 “During has 15 years in Eagle Grove he was 
instrumental in developing the city’s largest industry, which 
is also probably at present its largest employer.” A portrait 
photo shows Ed Olson.
305. Associated Press. 1959. Soybean oil plant planned for 
Stuttgart. Courier News (The) (Blytheville, Arkansas). July 
27. p. 7.
• Summary: “Stuttgart, Arkansas. (AP)–Plans for a 1½ 
million dollar soybean oil extraction plant have been 
announced by the Arkansas Grain Corp.
 “The plant was designed to process 500 to 700 tons of 
soybeans daily and will employ 35 persons with an annual 
payroll of more than $100,000.
 “The company said the plant would be the largest single-
unit plant of its kind in the South. Sales of soybean oil and 
meal are expected to reach 20 million dollars annually.
 “The Arkansas Grain Corp. already has undertaken an 
ambitious soybean storage elevator construction program. 
Elevators already have been built at Ha and Weiner 
and others are under construction at Stuttgart, Corning, 
Jonesboro, Hickory Ridge, Fair Oaks, Wheatley, Des Arc, 
Lonoke, McGehee and Dumas.
 “The 10 elevators will have a storage capacity of about 
eight million tons.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
than mentions “Arkansas Grain Corp.”
306. Evansville Courier (Indiana). 1959. $60,000 addition 
under way at Henderson soybean co-op. July 30. p. 1.
• Summary: Note: Evansville, Indiana is just across the Ohio 
River (to the north) from Henderson, Kentucky.
307. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1959. 
Foreign visitors impressed with example of American 
enterprise [Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative (Henderson, 
Kentucky)]. Aug. 1. p. 1, 4.
• Summary: Fourteen visitors representing ten foreign 
countries studied the Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative and 

=== PAGE 101 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   101
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
its history. “The local cooperative was picked as a model of 
the cooperative phase of their broader study of agricultural 
credit associations.
 A.I. Reisz, manager and secretary-treasurer of the local 
co-op, was asked most of the questions by the 12 men and 
two women who made up the touring group.
 “Making up the tour were Allan Ernest Castillo, D.A. 
Rogers and Oswald R. Sutherland, British Honduras; 
Miss Emma Rioja, a graduate attorney, from Bolivia; Mrs. 
P.T.P. Nga of Vietnam; Sojin Kojina and T. Niorothanda of 
Thailand; M.N. Haque Miah, Pakistan; Bechir M’Rabet, 
Tunisia; Pham Hoang Huu and Dat Duo Xuan, Vietnam; 
Chien Yu Hsu, China; A.T. Gervacio, Philippines; and 
Mulgeta Deneke, Ethiopia.”
 A large photo shows A.I. Reisz, standing in front of the 
group and the towering plant, explaining the workings of the 
solvent extraction plant.
308. Hudgions, Jack. 1959. Inquisitive foreigners invade 
soybean plant: All Americans are rich. Evansville Courier 
(Indiana). Aug. 1.
• Summary: Henderson, Kentucky–Representatives of nine 
foreign countries, all deeply interested in the advancement 
of agriculture, toured Henderson’s Ohio Valley Soybean 
Cooperative at Fifth Street on Friday, then bombarded 
the local management with questions. How does one start 
a cooperative? How do people share in its growth and 
prosperity? To what extent does the federal government 
participate? Is this one of the ways Americans become rich?
 The soybean cooperative is one of several hundred 
agricultural businesses being studied by the group during 
its 5-month tour of the USA. The group was addressed by 
Al Reisz, general manager and secretary and manager of the 
plant. He explained that members of the board of directors 
are elected by more than 4,900 stockholders.
 Two photos show various members of the group with Al 
Reisz and David Frymire (asst. general manager). Countries 
represented included Ethiopia, Bolivia, Taiwan, Vietnam, 
British Honduras, and Pakistan.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Feb. 2009) 
concerning soybeans/soya in connection with (but not yet in) 
British Honduras (later renamed Belize). Address: Courier 
Tri-State Editor.
309. Southwest American (Fort Smith, Arkansas). 1959. 
Governor to welcome new plant. Oct. 25. p. 1A, 8A.
• Summary: Governor Orval Faubus will welcome the new 
soybean processing plant at Van Buren, Arkansas, into the 
state’s industrial family at a dedication celebration Tuesday 
at the Fort Smith fairgrounds. The plant began operating 
last Friday, Oct. 23. The address dedicating the plant will 
be made by Howard Cowden, president of the Cooperative 
Processing association (which operates the new mill) and 
head of the Consumers Cooperative association, of Kansas 
City, Missouri (a stockholder in the new plant).
 The day’s festivities will begin at 8 a.m., when the 
mill will be open to public inspection. The open house will 
continue until 11:30 a.m., when an automobile parade will 
start at the mill and end at the fairgrounds–where a barbecue 
chicken dinner will be served to an expected 5,000 persons. 
“Roy Robus, manager of the plant, said meal tickets will be 
given only to those attending the open house at the mill.” 
One must have a ticket to get a free meal. Van Buren retail 
merchants will run special sales to mark the event.
 The plant expects to buy about $4 million worth of 
soybeans a year. It has a processing capacity of 2 million 
bushels per year and storage capacity of 600,000 bushels.
 Civic leaders in Van Buren plan to recognize the 
importance of soybeans to the area’s economy by staging an 
annual soybean day celebration.
 Note: Van Buren, the capital of Crawford County 
in northwest Arkansas, is on the Arkansas River 6 miles 
northeast of Fort Smith.
310. Southwest American (Fort Smith, Arkansas). 1959. $4 
million soybean crop is expected. Oct. 25. p. 1A, 8A.
• Summary: Soybean farmers within a 50-mile radius of Van 
Buren, Arkansas, who bring their crop to the new processing 
mill will probably earn about $4 million in during the next 
12 months. That’s the amount of cash the new mill expects 
to pay for the 2 million bushels of soybeans it will process, 
operating 24 hours a day, 300 days a year. Today soybeans 
sell for $1.90 a bushel.
 Rob Robus is manager of the Cooperative Processing 
association’s new soybean processing mill on Kibler road, 
atthe former site of the old smelter. Benny Franks of Van 
Buren is plant superintendent. The plant’s stockholders are 
5 local cooperatives at Van Buren, Gravette, Rogers, Cave 
Springs, and Bentonville–plus a Consumers Cooperative 
association, a regional cooperative at Kansas City, Missouri.
 The mill, which began operating on Oct. 23, employs 
25 persons and has a payroll of more than $150,000 a year. 
Construction of the fully automatic plant cost $1 million; it 
was started last January and completed Oct. 15. Each truck 
full of soybeans is unloaded in 5 minutes using a truck-lifting 
device, which raises the front end of the vehicle, so that the 
loads slides off into a storage bin.
 Robus, who came to Van Buren from Pella, Iowa, said 
farmers in the area now have the potential to produce more 
than 4 million bushels of soybeans a year; the mill is ready 
to buy all these soybeans either for processing, storage, or 
sale to other mills. Arkansas is now America’s 4th largest 
soybean producing state. Every day, the mill will convert 
6,700 bushels of soybeans into 160 tons of meal and 40 
tons of oil. The meal is shipped to the plant’s member 
cooperatives, and most of the oil is shipped to Texas, where 
it is reﬁ ned into food products, plastics, etc.
 A photo shows “Crawford County’s new soybean plant.”

=== PAGE 102 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   102
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
311. Southwest American (Fort Smith, Arkansas). 1959. 
Dedication today at soybean plant. Oct. 27. p. 1A.
• Summary: Between 400 and 500 persons, many more than 
expected, visited the Van Buren soybean processing plant 
Monday night, even before the formal opening on Tuesday 
when thousands are expected. The Monday night tours were 
planned for local businessmen who couldn’t leave their 
stores on Tuesday.
 A photo shows employee Bob Franks taking a group of 
visitors through the new plant Monday night.
312. Bedell, Conaly. 1959. Ancient Chinese crop new source 
of income for Crawford farmers. Southwest American (Fort 
Smith, Arkansas). Oct. 28.
• Summary: The soybean has replaced cotton as a major 
cash crop in Crawford County, Arkansas. The new plant at 
Van Buren is a soybean solvent extraction plant.
313. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Cooperative Processing 
Association, Subsidiary of Consumers Cooperative Assn.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Van Buren, Arkansas.
Date of Introduction:  1959 October.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Southwest American (Fort 
Smith, Arkansas). 1959. “Governor to welcome new plant.” 
Oct. 25. p. 1A, 8A. Governor Orval Faubus will welcome the 
new soybean processing plant at Van Buren, Arkansas. The 
plant began operating last Friday, Oct. 23. The Cooperative 
Processing association operates the new mill.
Southwest American (Fort Smith, Arkansas). 1959. “$4 
million soybean crop is expected.” Oct. 25. p. 1A, 8A. Note: 
This is a soybean solvent extraction plant.
 Soybean Blue Book. 1961. p. 71.
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 10. Farmland 
Industries (Kansas City, Missouri, Soybean Processing 
Division). (Van Buren, Arkansas, 1960). Footnote: “Co-op 
Processing Association was acquired by Farmland Industries 
in 1968.”
 Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. Soybeans, Cooperatives and 
Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, Arizona: Heritage Publishers, 
Inc. 178 p. See p. 69-75. On 1 Jan. 1959 construction began 
on the new plant in the Arkansas River Valley in western 
Arkansas. Arkansas farmers from ﬁ ve local cooperatives 
worked with a Kansas-city based regional cooperative, the 
Consumer Cooperative Association (CCA, which bought 
53% of the stock), to create the new plant, which they named 
the Consumers Processing Association. The plant, which 
opened on 27 Oct. 1959, cost $1 million and could transform 
8,300 bushels/day of soybeans into oil and meal, employ 25 
people, and operate 24 hours a day for 200 days/year. The 
town proclaimed it “Soybean Day.” The celebration drew 
over 3,000 people. On 1 Sept. 1966 Consumer Cooperative 
Association was renamed Farmland Industries, Inc.
314. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1959. 
President speaks here: Attendance is believed to be record. 
Nov. 6. p. 1.
• Summary: “A record 89 people attended the annual 
meeting of the second district of the Kentucky Cooperative 
Council Wednesday night...” A.I. Reisz, manager of the Ohio 
Valley Soybean Cooperative, is a district representative on 
the state board. A large photo shows Al Reisz and David 
Frymire with Carl Sheriff, state president.
315. Strayer, George M. 1959. A special message to members 
of Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative. Ohio Valley Soybean 
Cooperative News (Henderson, Kentucky) 5(5):1. Nov.
• Summary: “Out of every 20 acres of soybean you grew last 
year eight acres, in terms of oil, went into export markets. 
Roughly half the production of those acres were exported 
as beans, the remainder in the form of oil. That eight acres 
determined the price you received for your entire crop...”
 “For only $3.00 you [an individual] can become a 
member of the American Soybean Assn. You should be a 
member! Help to help you, join A.S.A.” Address: Exec. 
Vice-President and Secretary-Treasurer, American Soybean 
Assoc., Hudson, Iowa.
316. American Soybean Association. 1960. Soybean Blue 
Book. Hudson, Iowa: American Soybean Assoc. 144 p. 
Advertisers’ index. 22 cm.
• Summary:  Contents: American Soybean Association. 
Japanese American Soybean Institute. National Soybean 
Processors Association. Soybean Council of America. 
Midsouth Soybean and Grain Shippers Association. Ontario 
Soya-Bean Growers’ Marketing Board. U.S. Department 
of Agriculture: Agronomic Research (ARS [Agricultural 
Research Service]), Disease Research, Entomological 
Research, Utilization Research and Development (Northern 
Utilization Division [NRRL], Eastern, Southern, Western), 
Marketing Research.
 Tables: (1) World soybean production. (2) Canadian 
soybean production. (3) Soybean production, utilization 
and value, 1936-1959 Canada. (4) Soybean crushings in 
Canada. (5) Soybean production–United States (with acreage 
and yield), 1924-1959. (6) U.S. Soybean production by 
states (1959). (7) U.S. soybean production, supply, and 
utilization (incl. exports, carryover), 1924-1959. (8) U.S. 
soybean production, acreage, and yield by state, 1924-1959. 
(9) U.S. soybeans: Inspected receipts. (10) U.S. soybeans–
supply and distribution, 1952-1959 (1,000 bushels). (11) 

=== PAGE 103 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   103
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
U.S. Soybean oil meal and cake production, supply and 
utilization, 1924-1959 (1,000 tons). (12) Soybean oil, meal 
and cake production and stocks by states, 1955-1958. (13) 
Oilseed cake a meals, supply and distribution, Oct. 1950-59. 
Incl. soybean, cottonseed, linseed, peanut, copra, total. (14) 
Production of protein concentrates (cake and meal), 1937-
41 (avg.) to 1951-59. Incl. soybean, linseed, cottonseed, 
copra, gluten feed and meal, tankage and meat scraps, ﬁ sh 
cake and meal, dried milk products (dried and concentrated 
skim milk, buttermilk, and whey used for animal feed), 
other milk products (fed on farms), total. Note: In 1953-
54,395,000 tons of dried milk products were fed to animals. 
(15) U.S. soy ﬂ our production. (16) Production and exports 
of soy ﬂ our and grits (incl. full fat, low fat, and defatted 
products, exported commercially or to military). (17) 
Production of mellorine [frozen dessert where vegetable oil 
replaces butterfat], 1953-59, by month. (18) U.S. fats and 
oils production, 1937-41 (avg.) to 1959. Incl. Butter, lard, 
edible beef fats, total edible animal fats, corn oil, cottonseed, 
edible olive oil, peanut oil, soybean oil, total edible vegetable 
oils, inedible oils. (19) Soybean oil utilization, 1931-1959 
(million lb). Incl. Foods: Margarine, shortening, other, total, 
Non-food products: Soap, paint & varnish, other drying 
oil products, miscellaneous, loss, total, total domestic 
disappearance. (20) Same as No. 19 but in percentages.
 (21) Utilization of soybean products, 1955-56 to 1958-
59. Incl. meal and oil: Livestock feed, industrial, fertilizer, 
export; from 1955 to 1959, use of soybean oil meal as a 
fertilizer was negligible, whereas 2.5 to 3.9% was exported. 
(22) Prices of U.S. soybeans, by month and season average, 
1923-1959. (23) Same as No. 22 but only for No. 1 yellow: 
Chicago, Illinois country shipping points, Minneapolis. (24) 
Same as No. 21 but soybeans for crushing, No. 2 yellow. 
(25) Value of U.S. soybean crop, 1925-59 (thousand dollars) 
in these states: Total USA, Illinois, Iowa, Indiana, Ohio, 
Missouri, Minnesota. (26) Soybean price support operations, 
1932-33 to 1959-60. Started in 1941-42 and has continued to 
the present, with a peak of $2.56 per bushel in 1953-55. (27) 
Price spread, soybeans and end products, 1945-1958. Spread 
between price received by farmers and value of products. 
(28) Prices of U.S. soybean oil meal (44% protein), 1929-
1959 by month. (29) Prices of U.S. crude soybean oil, by 
month, 1929-30 to 1959-60. (30) Imports, exports, soybeans, 
oil and meal.
 (31) Soybeans: Inspections for export, 1957-59, with 
country of destination and port of departure. (32) U.S. trade 
in soybeans, fats and oils. (33) Oil and fat exports under 
P.L. 480. Total, cottonseed oil, soybean oil, Oct. 1954 to 
Sept. 1959. Incl. country of destination, the top four being 
Turkey, Pakistan, Israel, and Egypt. (34) Imports, exports 
cake and meal, 1929-1958, incl. cottonseed, soybean, 
linseed, peanut, copra. Exports incl. country of destination. 
(33) Soybeans: Crushings and yields of oil and meal. (35) 
Bar chart: Major markets for U.S. soybeans since 1953: 
West Germany, Netherlands, Other Europe, Japan, Canada, 
Other. (36) Composition of soybean seeds, by variety, incl. 
Maturity Group No., % protein, % oil, weight of 100 seeds in 
grams. (37) Amino acids of soy protein. (38) Composition of 
Lecithin. (39) Composition of soybean oil, by variety. Incl. 
linolenic acid, linoleic acid, oleic acid, saturated acids.
 Ofﬁ  cial standards for soybeans, Revised effective 
Sept. 1, 1955. Soy ﬂ our standards, for full-fat, low-fat, and 
defatted. Densities of various soybean products. Map of the 
USA showing the best adapted soybean varieties for each 
major soybean producing state. Directories: Processors of 
soybeans, by state, with address and names of ofﬁ cers (p. 56-
74). Canadian soybean processors (p. 74). Manufacturers of 
50% protein soybean meal (by state, p. 76). Foreign soybean 
processors, by country (p. 78-81). Reﬁ ners of soybean oil, 
by state (p. 82-84). Manufacturers and handlers of soy foods 
(p. 86-93): Beverages, breakfast foods, canners of green 
vegetable soybeans, canners of mature soybeans, cookies, 
crackers, toasts and wafers, frozen desserts (companies 
that make vegetable oils used in frozen desserts), health 
food store & supply houses, lecithin, macaroni, spaghetti 
& noodles, margarine, meat substitutes, proteins (Grifﬁ th 
Labs, Gunther, Worthington Foods), pudding powders 
(Brockville, Ontario, Canada), Salad and cooking oils, 
shortening, sausage binders, seasonings, soups, soybean 
oil, soybeans for cooking and sprouting, soy butter (Town 
Food Co., Riverside, California, makes “Town: soy lecithin 
spread”; Shedd-Bartush Foods, Detroit, Michigan, makes 
“Willow Run” soy spread), soy cheese [tofu], soy ﬂ our, grits 
and ﬂ akes, soy ﬂ our mixes, soy milk, soy sauce, sprouts, 
vitamins, whipping agents.
 Manufacturers of industrial products employing 
soybeans (p. 94-95): Caulking compounds & ﬂ oor tile, 
coated papers & leather dressing, ﬁ re-ﬁ ghting foam, 
glues, plywood & adhesives, insecticides, laminating, 
lecithin, oilcloth and coated fabrics, paints and varnishes 
(13 companies), paper sizings, wallpaper and wallboard 
coatings, resins, soaps, soybean fatty acids (8 companies), 
soybean oil. Services for the industry (p. 96-109): Analysts, 
appraisals, brokers, commission merchants & jobbers, 
consultants, engineering services, export elevators, exporters 
& importers, export warehousing and handling, farm 
management, ﬁ eld warehousing, futures market, market 
analysis, mill construction contractors, milling service, 
miscellaneous services, oil transports, transportation.
 Equipment and supplies for the soybean industry (p. 
110-32): Aspirators, bagging equipment, belting, chains, 
conveyors, elevators, defoliants, drying and aeration 
equipment (farm driers, grain driers, meal driers), dust 
control systems & dust collectors, elevator buckets, 
fans, farm equipment, fertilizers, fumigants, fungicides, 
germinators, grain and seed cleaning and separation 
equipment, grain grading equipment & moisture testers, 
grain handling equipment, granulators, grinding & mixing 

=== PAGE 104 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   104
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
equipment, herbicides, insecticides & pesticides, inoculants, 
laboratory equipment, man-lifts, material level indicators, 
materials handling equipment, miscellaneous equipment, 
packaging materials, pelleting machines, power transmission 
equipment, pumps, respirators, seed protectants, sifters, 
soil testing, soybean storage (elevator & processing units, 
farm units), spraying and irrigating equipment, temperature 
systems, transportation equipment, truck lifts, unloaders, 
waterprooﬁ ng, weighing and packaging equipment.
 Soybean processing [crushing] and oil re ﬁ ning 
equipment and supplies (p. 134-42): Bleaching and ﬁ ltering 
equipment, catalysts, complete plants [for crushing], 
continuous counter-current solvent extractors, continuous 
screw presses, degumming, deodorization, fractionation, 
hydraulic pressing equipment, hydrogenation, margarine, 
miscellaneous equipment, neutralization, shortening, solvent 
recovery, solvents, soybean seed [suppliers and private 
breeders], vegetable soybean seed.
 Advertisers’ index: Incl. Allied Mills, V .D. Anderson, 
ADM, Arkansas Grain Corp., Big 4 Cooperative Processing 
Assn., Blaw-Knox Co., Buhler Mill Engineering Co., Cargill 
Inc., Central Soya Co., Crown Iron Works Co., Dannen Mills 
Inc., Delphos Grain and Soya Products Co., Albert Dickinson 
Co., Louis Dreyfus Corp., Esso Standard Oil, Farmers 
Cooperative Assn., Farmers’ Cooperative Co., Felco Soybean 
Oil Meal Dealers, French Oil Mill Machinery Co., Funk 
Bros. Seed Co., Galesburg Soy Products Co., General Mills 
Inc., Jacob Hartz Seed Co., Inc., Honeymead Products Co., 
Huntley Mfg. Co., Illinois Soy Products Co., Iowa Milling 
Co., Iowa Soya Co., Jensen Mills, Kansas Soya Products Co, 
Inc., Spencer Kellogg & Sons, Inc., Lauhoff Soya Co., Albert 
Lea Engineering Co., North Iowa Cooperative Processing 
Assn., Penola Oil Co., Phillips Petroleum Co., Pillsbury Co., 
Port of New Orleans, Quincy Soybean Products Co., Rice 
Grain Corp., Seedburo Equipment Co. (measures oil content 
of soybeans in 10 minutes), Skelly Oil Co., A.E. Staley Mfg. 
Co., T.W. Wood & Sons (Seedsmen since 1879; Richmond, 
Virginia). Address: Hudson, Iowa.
317. SoyaScan Notes. 1960. Letters (2) received by Glenn 
Pogeler from U.S. government ofﬁ cials in reply to his letters 
(Overview). Compiled by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: During 1960 Glenn Pogeler was Manager, 
North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association, 1605 19th 
Street, S.W., Mason City, Iowa. These letters are each typed 
on a letterhead with a signature.
 1960 April 15–Re: Pogeler’s opposition to minimum 
wage legislation. From H.R. Gross, 3d District, Iowa, U.S. 
House of Representatives.
 1960 April 18–Re: Opposition to Federal Minimum 
Wage bill. From B.B. Hickenlooper, Iowa, U.S. Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations.
318. Mason, Ralph. 1960. GTA buys 37 ADM grain 
elevators. Minneapolis Star (The) (Minneapolis, Minnesota). 
July 28. p. 17.
• Summary: “Sale of the Commander line of Archer-Daniels-
Midland Co. (ADM) country grain elevators to Farmers 
Union Grain Terminal association (GTA) was reported today.
 “Purchase price was estimated at 1½ million dollars 
for the 37 elevators, located mostly in southeast Minnesota. 
The elevators have a storage capacity of slightly more than 4 
million bushels.
 “Ofﬁ  cials at GTA would neither conﬁ rm nor deny 
reports of the purchase but it was believed to be only a 
matter of time before the sale is announced formally.
 “Ofﬁ  cials at Archer-Daniels-Midland declined to 
comment.
 “The sale stirred a rash of rumors regarding other grain 
properties around the state.
 “These included reports that Honeymead Products 
Co. was selling its soybean crushing plant at Mankato, 
Minnesota, largest single such processing plant in the world, 
to GTA; that Hubbard Milling Co. was buying ADM’s 
soybean plant at Mankato, and that Honeymead was selling 
its Mankato plant to ADM.
 “Duane O. Andreas, chairman of the board of 
Honeymead, who was contacted in Washington, said, ‘There 
has been no sale of our Mankato plant and there is no 
prospect of any sale.’
 “Andreas said rumors about the plant being sold have 
circulated at least once a year for the past ﬁ ve years.”
 “An ADM spokesman said there was no basis for any 
report of the sale of its Mankato plant to Hubbard Milling 
Co.” Address: Minneapolis Star Staff Writer.
319. Inskip, Leonard. 1960. GTA purchases soybean plant at 
Mankato. Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota). Aug 3. p. 
1, 12.
• Summary: “The Farmers Union Grain terminal association 
(GTA), big St. Paul-based grain marketing co-operative, 
moved into the soybean processing business Tuesday by 
purchasing a large soybean plant.
 “The co-operative purchased Honeymead Products 
company’s soybean plant at Mankato for about six million 
dollars, according to M.W. Thatcher, general manager of 
GTA.
 “The plant has been described as the largest single 
soybean processing facility in the United States.
 “Honeymead, in past years, has had a sales volume 
sometimes exceeding 40 million dollars. The plant has a 
capacity of 60,000 bushels of soybeans or ﬂ axseed daily.”
 “The purchase marks another big step in the continuing 
growth of GTA, which was founded in the late 1930s.”
 “Thatcher said that Dwayne O. Andreas, Lake 
Minnetonka, chairman of Honeymead, and Lowell W. 
Andreas, Mankato, president, ‘will continue as the 

=== PAGE 105 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   105
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
management of this enterprise which they founded and built 
into a business with worldwide outlets.’ The two Honeymead 
ofﬁ cials are brothers.
 “The transaction involves Honeymead’s soybean 
business, but not the corporation itself. Honeymead, which 
also owns a shower partition manufacturing business in 
Indiana, will continue to exist.” Address: Minneapolis 
Tribune Business Editor.
320. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1960. Honeymead 
sells plant for $6,000,000. Aug. 3. p. 1-2.
• Summary: Honeymead’s ﬁ xed assets and name (not 
the corporation) were sold to the Farmers Union Grain 
Terminal Association (GTA), according to Lowell Andreas, 
Honeymead president. It was a straight cash deal. The 
sale, which will have no effect on the 100 employees, was 
completed at 1:30 p.m. on Tuesday, and will take effect 
Sept. 2. As part of the sale, Lowell Andreas has agreed to 
manage the operation for not less than 10 years. He will be 
subject only to the GTA board of directors consisting of 12 
farmers. GTA, based in St. Paul, Minnesota, is a cooperative 
which markets grain for more than 600 county [sic, country] 
elevators in 4 states. Honeymead processes both soybeans 
and ﬂ ax.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
stating that Honeymead Products, a soybean processor in 
Mankato, Minnesota, has changed from a privately owned 
company (by the Andreas family) to one that is cooperatively 
owned (by Farmers Union GTA).
321. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1960. ‘Just day to day 
business.’ Aug. 3. p. 1-2.
• Summary: Lowell Andreas, president of Honeymead, 
commented that the $6 million sale of Honeymead Products 
Co. is “just day to day business”–as he sipped a cup of 
morning coffee. After Sept. 2, the effective date of the sale, 
Andreas will switch from being president of the sprawling 
soybean plant to being its manager. Lowell and his brother, 
Dwayne, negotiated the sale with GTA. They went to St. 
Paul Tuesday morning, without the slightest idea that they 
would be selling Honeymead. They arrived at 11:00, talked 
with GTA through lunch, and ﬁ nalized the deal at 1:30 that 
afternoon. Now he is looking for a place to invest the $6 
million.
 Andreas believes that soybeans have a bright future in 
this area. In 1947, when Honeymead bought the plant in 
Mankato, the storage capacity was 140,000 bushels. Today 
it is 3.75 million bushels–a 26-fold increase in 13 years. The 
business began to expand rapidly when livestock feeders 
began to demand soybean meal in their feed concentrates. 
Portrait photos show Lowell and Dwayne Andreas.
322. Farmers Union Herald (St. Paul, Minnesota). 1960. 
GTA enters processing ﬁ eld with soybean plant purchase 
[Honeymead Products Co.]: Another co-op milestone. 
34(15):1, 3. Aug. 8.
• Summary: “Another milestone in the growth of the 
farmers’ own businesses in the Upper Midwest has been 
reached with the announced purchase by GTA of the 
Honeymead Products Co. of Mankato, Minnesota.
 “Announcement of the acquisition by Farmers Union 
Grain Terminal Association was made to the press in 
response to numerous inquiries on Tuesday, Aug. 2, by 
General Manager M.W. Thatcher. The board of directors of 
the cooperative had, that day, put its ﬁ nal stamp of approval 
on the $6 million transaction and the details had been laid 
before the country ﬁ eld staff... The Honeymead plant, 
located on the Minnesota River, in Mankato, is in the heart of 
soybean producing areas of southern Minnesota. It handles 
around 56,000 bushels of soybeans a day, turns the wonder 
bean into oils, protein products, ﬂ ours and ﬂ akes which it 
sells worldwide.
 “Dwayne Andreas, chairman of the Honeymead board, 
and Lowell Andreas, his brother, bought the company from 
a Paciﬁ c Northwest egg cooperative soon after they came 
out of the military services after World War II. They are 
natives of Iowa, born and raised on the farm but have found 
their greater talents in farm business management roles.” 
Honeymead’s Mankato plant is now “the largest single plant 
in the soybean crushing ﬁ eld. It also crushes ﬂ axseed...” The 
plant consumes about a third of Minnesota’s entire soybean 
crop. Total sales are around $50 million a year.
 Portrait photos show Dwayne O. Andreas (chairman 
of the board) and Lowell Andreas (president). Smaller 
photos show J.L. Maslon, C.T. Mullan, and W.B. Cox, 
vice presidents of Honeymead. An aerial photo shows the 
Honeymead plant in Mankato.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2007) 
that mentions “GTA” (written as such) in connection with 
soybeans. Address: Minnesota.
323. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmers Union Grain Terminal 
Association (St. Paul, Minnesota).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Mankato, Minnesota.
Date of Introduction:  1960 August.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Mankato Free Press 
(Minnesota). 1960. “Honeymead sells plant for $6,000,000.” 
Aug. 3. p. 1-2. Honeymead’s ﬁ xed assets and name (not 
the corporation) were sold to the Farmers Union Grain 
Terminal Association (GTA), according to Lowell Andreas, 
Honeymead president. It was a straight cash deal. The 
sale, which will have no effect on the 100 employees, was 
completed at 1:30 p.m. on Tuesday, and will take effect Sept. 
2. As part of the sale, Lowell Andreas has agreed to manage 
the operation for not less than 10 years. Note: Honeymead 

=== PAGE 106 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   106
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Products has just changed from a privately owned company 
(by the Andreas family) to one that is cooperatively owned 
(by Farmers Union GTA).
Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1960. ‘Just day to 
day business.’ Aug. 3. p. 1-2. After Sept. 2, the effective date 
of the sale, Andreas will switch from being president of the 
sprawling soybean plant to being its manager. Lowell and his 
brother, Dwayne, negotiated the sale with GTA. They went 
to St. Paul Tuesday morning, without the slightest idea that 
they would be selling Honeymead.
Farmers Union Herald (St. Paul, Minnesota). 1960. 
“GTA enters processing ﬁ eld with soybean plant purchase 
[Honeymead Products Co.]: Another co-op milestone.” 
34(15):1, 3. Aug. 8. “Another milestone in the growth of 
the farmers’ own businesses in the Upper Midwest has 
been reached with the announced purchase by GTA of 
the Honeymead Products Co. of Mankato, Minnesota. 
Announcement of the acquisition by Farmers Union Grain 
Terminal Association was made to the press in response to 
numerous inquiries on Tuesday, Aug. 2, by General Manager 
M.W. Thatcher. The board of directors of the cooperative 
had, that day, put its ﬁ nal stamp of approval on the $6 
million transaction and the details had been laid before the 
country ﬁ eld staff...”
Soybean Digest. 1960 “Honeymead products sold to 
Farmers Union Grain Terminal Assoc.” Sept. p. 74. “Farmers 
Union Grain Terminal Association, big St. Paul, Minnesota, 
grain marketing cooperative, moved into the soybean 
processing business Aug. 2 with the purchase of Honeymead 
Products Co.’s soybean plant at Mankato, Minnesota. 
Purchase price was about $6 million, according to M.W. 
Thatcher, general manager of GTA.”
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 11. Farmers 
Union Grain Terminal Association (St. Paul, Minnesota, 
Honeymead Products Division) (Mankato, Minnesota, 1960).
324. North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association. 1960. 
Manufacturers of quality (Ad). Soybean Digest. Sept. p. 84.
• Summary: An illustration (line drawing) shows a 100 lb 
sack of North Iowa 44% Solvent Extracted Soybean Oil 
Meal. The nutritional composition is also shown.
 Talk with Joe Givens of Minnesota. 2005. May 19. This 
was basically a one-man show, owned and run by Glenn 
Pogeler. Address: Mason City, Iowa. Phone: Garden 3-4733.
325. Soybean Digest. 1960. Honeymead products sold to 
Farmers Union Grain Terminal Assoc. Sept. p. 74.
• Summary: “Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association, 
big St. Paul, Minnesota, grain marketing cooperative, 
moved into the soybean processing business Aug. 2 with 
the purchase of Honeymead Products Co.’s soybean plant at 
Mankato, Minnesota. Purchase price was about $6 million, 
according to M.W. Thatcher, general manager of GTA.”
 The Honeymead plant is one of the largest in the 
country, with a daily capacity of 60,000 bushels of soybeans. 
Annual sales volume has sometimes exceeded $40 million. 
Thatcher said that “Dwayne O. Andreas, Lake Minnetonka, 
chairman of Honeymead, and Lowell W. Andreas, Mankato, 
president, will continue as the management of the enterprise 
which they founded and built into a business with worldwide 
outlets.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Aug. 2016) 
that mentions the Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association 
in connection with soybeans.
326. SoyaScan Notes. 1961. Letters (4) received by Glenn 
Pogeler from U.S. government ofﬁ cials in reply to his letters 
(Overview). Compiled by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: During 1961 Glenn Pogeler was Manager, 
North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association, 1605 19th 
Street, S.W., Mason City, Iowa. These letters are each typed 
on a letterhead with a signature.
 1961 Feb. 27–Re: Thanks for letter protesting the 
proposed increase in price supports for soybeans to $2.30 
per bushel. From George D. Aiken, Vermont, U.S. Senate 
Committee on Agriculture and Forestry.
 1961 Feb. 28–Re: Thanks for letter commenting on 
[Kennedy] Administration’s feed grain bill and attached 
American Soybean Assoc. news release. Eugene J. 
McCarthy, Minnesota, U.S. Senate Committee on Finance.
 1961 March 27–Re: Thanks for your letter with copy of 
resolution passed by the recent conference of Cooperative 
Soybean and Cottonseed Processors. From Orville Freeman, 
Secretary of Agriculture, USDA, Washington, DC.
 1961 Aug. 3–Re: Invitation to Freeman to take part in 
North Iowa Agricultural Institute. From Orville Freeman, 
Secretary of Agriculture, USDA, Washington, DC.
327. Tri-County Co-op Soybean Assn. 1961. For quality 
soybean meal (Ad). Soybean Digest. Sept. p. 78.
• Summary: This horizontal ¼-page ad states: “Call 379-
4386.” The company’s logo is shown.
 This ad also appeared in the Sept. 1968 issue (p. 22) of 
this magazine. Address: Dawson, Minnesota.
328. Product Name:  Lecithin [Fluid, or Plastic Grades].
Manufacturer’s Name:  Honeymead Products Co.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Mankato, Minnesota.
Date of Introduction:  1961.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Blue Book. 1961. 
p. 102. Still listed in 1976.
329. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1962. 60,000 bushels 

=== PAGE 107 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   107
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
of soybeans processed: Daily at Honeymead. Feb. 23.
• Summary: Honeymead Products Co. of Mankato is the 
“world’s largest processor of soybean products.” Fully 60% 
of the soybeans grown in Minnesota are processed at this one 
plant. Honeymead’s soybean products include 44% soybean 
oil meal, 50% soybean oil meal, Lamisoy soy ﬂ our, lecithin, 
fully reﬁ ned & deodorized soybean oil, crude soybean oil, 
toasted soy ﬂ our, brew ﬂ akes, degummed oil, once-reﬁ ned 
oil, shell drain oil, clabber oil, and acidulated soap stock. 
In addition, Honeymead processes ﬂ ax only at a recently 
purchased company in Minneapolis.
 Honeymead’s clearing of ﬁ ce in Chicago (Illinois) buys, 
sells, and hedges on the Chicago Board of Trade, where 
Honeymead has at least 5 men in the pits. A large photo 
shows the Honeymead ofﬁ ce at 320½ Warren Street, where 
incoming grain prices from Chicago are posted.
 Note: Talk with Lowell Andreas. 2003. July 23. In 
1962 the Honeymead plant in Mankato was the world’s 
largest single soybean processing plant. However it was 
Honeymead’s only plant, so there were other companies 
(such as Cargill, ADM, and Central Soya) that processed 
more soybeans in total at the multiple plants owned by 
each. The ﬂ ax processing company that Honeymead had 
just purchased in Minneapolis was Minnesota Linseed Oil 
Co. at Fridley, a suburb of Minneapolis; Ray Lindquist was 
manager before and after Honeymead bought the plant. Most 
of the soybeans grown in Minnesota and not processed at 
the Honeymead plant were shipped out of state. Although 
ADM also had a plant in Mankato, the Honeymead plant got 
much more and better coverage in local newspapers mainly 
because Honeymead was a locally owned company that 
contributed hugely to the Mankato economy, and was about 
twice as large as ADM. In addition, the publisher of the 
Mankato Free Press and Lowell were close friends.
330. USDA Northern Regional Research Laboratory. ed. 
1962. Proceedings of Conference on Soybean Products for 
Protein in Human Foods. Peoria, Illinois. iii + 242 p. Held 
13-15 Sept. 1961 at Northern Regional Research Laboratory, 
Peoria, Illinois. No index. 26 cm.
• Summary:  The earliest conference on this subject in the 
USA. A very important document, with many excellent 
articles by experts in their ﬁ elds worldwide.
 Contents: Introductory remarks. Session I: Nutritional 
deﬁ ciency problems in developing areas of the world. II: 
World marketing of soybeans and soybean products. III: 
Research and development on soybean foods. IV: Nutritional 
and biological studies. V: Processing and feeding value of 
ﬂ uid and dry soy milks. VI: Problems involved in increasing 
world-wide use of soybean products as foods–panel 
discussion. VII: Committee on quality and processing guide 
for edible soy ﬂ our and grits. VIII: Summary of conference. 
List of attendance. Most of the 106 attendees are PhDs or 
leaders in agriculture, business, government, or scientiﬁ c 
research. The complete list follows:
 Altschul, A.M. Southern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, New Orleans, 
Louisiana
 Anderson, D.W., Jr. The Borden Company, 350 Madison 
Avenue, New York 17, New York
 Andrews, J.S. General Mills, Inc., 9200 Wayzata 
Boulevard, Minneapolis 26, Minnesota
 Anson, M.L. Consultant, 100 Eaton Square, London, 
S.W. 1, England
 Bailey, E.M. A.E. Staley Manufacturing Company, 
Decatur, Illinois
 Barnes, R.H. Cornell University, Ithaca, New York
 Bean, L.H. Food for Peace, The White House, 
Washington, D. C.
 Biddle, C.B. Biddle Farms, Remington, Indiana
 Bitting, H.W. Agricultural Research Service, USDA, 
Washington 25, D. C.
 Booth, A.N. Western Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Albany, California
 Bowen, H.B. Spencer Kellogg and Sons, Inc., Decatur, 
Illinois
 Brubaker, E.J. The Borden Company, 350 Madison 
Avenue, New York 17, New York
 Buelens, Emil Central Soya Company, Inc., 1825 North 
Laramie, Chicago, Illinois
 Cartter, J.L. Regional Soybean Laboratory, USDA, 
Urbana, Illinois
 Circle, S. J. Central Soya Company, Inc., 1825 North 
Laramie, Chicago 39, Illinois
 Clayton, R. A. General Mills, Inc., 9200 Wayzata 
Boulevard, Minneapolis 26, Minnesota
 Cowan, J. C. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Cox, W. B. Honeymead Products Co., Box 50, Mankato, 
Minnesota
 Cravens, W. W. Central Soya Company, Inc., 1825 North 
Laramie, Chicago 39, Illinois
 Darby, W. J. Vanderbilt University, Nashville 5, 
Tennessee
 Dimler, R. J. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Diser, G. M. Archer-Daniels-Midland Company, 3100 
38th Avenue South, Minneapolis 40, Minnesota
 Eichenberger, W. R. A. E. Staley Manufacturing 
Company, Decatur, Illinois
 Eldridge, A. C. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Eversole, Russell Cargill, Inc., 200 Grain Exchange, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota
 Fischer, R. W. Soybean Council of America, Inc., 
Waterloo, Iowa
 Fomon, S. J. University of Iowa Medical School, Iowa 
City, Iowa

=== PAGE 108 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   108
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Frampton, V . L. Southern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, New Orleans, 
Louisiana
 Grifﬁ  n, E. L., Jr. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Groves, M. L. Eastern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Philadelphia, 
Pennsylvania
 Gyorgy, Paul Philadelphia General Hospital, Pediatrics 
Department, Philadelphia 4, Pennsylvania
 Hackler, L. R. New York State AES, Cornell University, 
Geneva, New York
 Hafner, F. H. General Mills, Inc., 9200 Wayzata 
Boulevard, Minneapolis 26, Minnesota
 Hand, D. B. New York State AES, Cornell University, 
Geneva, New York
 Hayashi, Shizuka Japanese American Soybean Institute, 
Nikkatsu International Building, Room 410, No. 1, 1-Chomo 
Yurakucho, Chiyoda-Ku, Tokyo, Japan
 Hayward, J. W. Soybean Council of America, 304 Baker 
Building, Minneapolis 4, Minnesota
 Heidinger, H. C. Archer-Daniels-Midland Co., 
Minneapolis 40, Minnesota
 Hesseltine, C. W. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Hilbert, G. E. Foreign Research and Technical Programs, 
ARS, USDA, Washington 25, D.C.
 Hildebrand, F. C. General Mills, Inc., 9200 Wayzata 
Boulevard, Minneapolis 26, Minnesota
 Horan, F. E. Archer-Daniels-Midland Company, 
Minneapolis 40, Minnesota
 Hougen, V . H. Foreign Marketing Branch, FAS [Foreign 
Agricultural Service], USDA, Washington 25, D. C.
 Houghtlin, R. G. National Soybean Processors 
Association, 3818 Board of Trade Building, Chicago 4, 
Illinois
 Hoover, S. R. Utilization Research and Development, 
ARS, USDA, Washington 25, D. C.
 Hubbard, J. E. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Huge, W. E. Central Soya Company, Inc., 300 Fort 
Wayne Bank Building, Fort Wayne 2, Indiana
 Jackson, R. W. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Johnson, D. W. Central Soya Company, Inc., 1825 North 
Laramie, Chicago 39, Illinois
 Judd, R. W. National Soybean Crop Improvement 
Council, 3818 Board of Trade Building, Chicago 4, Illinois
 Kemmerer, K. S. Mead Johnson Research Center, 
Evansville 21, Indiana
 Kirk, Dorsey Oilseeds and Peanut RMA Committee, 
Oblong, Illinois
 Kirk, L. D. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Krober, O. A. Regional Soybean Laboratory, ARS, 
USDA, Urbana, Illinois
 Lemancik, J. F. Central Soya Company, Inc., 1825 North 
Laramie, Chicago 39, Illinois
 Lighter, Willard Central Soya Company, Inc., 1825 
North Laramie, Chicago 39, Illinois
 Maclay, W. D. Utilization Research and Development, 
ARS, USDA, Washington 25, D. C.
 Maddy, K. H. Monsanto Chemical Co., St. Louis, 
Missouri
 Matchett, J. R. Utilization Research and Development, 
ARS, USDA, Washington 25, D. C.
 Mattil, K. F. Swift and Company, Union Stock Yards, 
Chicago 9, Illinois
 McGinnis, James Washington State University, Pullman, 
Washington
 McKinney, L. L. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 McVay, M. D. Cargill, Inc., 200 Grain Exchange, 
Minneapolis 15, Minnesota
 Melina, F. R. Catholic Relief Services, 451 Madison 
Avenue, New York 22, New York
 Melnychyn, Paul Fruit and Vegetable Laboratory, ARS, 
USDA, Pasadena, California
 Meyer, E. W. Central Soya Company, Inc., 1825 North 
Laramie, Chicago 39, Illinois
 Miller, D. L. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Miller, H. W. International Nutrition Research 
Foundation, 11503 Pierce Boulevard, Arlington, California
 Milner, Max United Nations Children’s Fund, United 
Nations, New York
 Mustakas, G. C. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Ogilvy, W. S. Mead Johnson Research Center, 
Evansville 21, Indiana
 Oldham, Helen G. Human Nutrition Research Division, 
ARS, USDA, Washington 25, D. C.
 Pellett, Kent The Soybean Digest, Hudson, Iowa
 Pence, J. W. Western Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Albany, California
 Post, N. J. Food for Peace, 224 Executive Of ﬁ ce 
Building, Washington 25, D. C.
 Rackis, J. J. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Rhodes, E. E. A. E. Staley Manufacturing Company, 
Decatur, Illinois
 Rist, C. E. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Roach, H. L. Soybean Council of America, Inc., 408 
Marsh Place Building, Waterloo, Iowa
 Rolvaag, K. F. Lieutenant Governor, State of Minnesota, 
St. Paul, Minnesota
 Sabin, D. R. Food Conservation Division, United 

=== PAGE 109 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   109
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Nations Children’s Fund, United Nations, New York
 Salisbury, G. W. University of Illinois, Urbana, Illinois
 Sarett, H. P. Mead Johnson Research Center, Evansville 
21, Indiana
 Schaefer, W. C. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois.
 Scheiter, E. K. A.E. Staley Manufacturing Company, 
Decatur, Illinois
 Sebrell, W. H., Jr. Columbia University, Institute of 
Nutrition Sciences, 562 West 168th Street, New York 32, 
New York
 Sellner, J. J. Archer-Daniels-Midland Company, 700 
Investors Building, Minneapolis, Minnesota
 Senti, F. R. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Sherman, Norman State of Minnesota, St. Paul, 
Minnesota
 Sikes, W. W. Fats and Oils Division, FAS, USDA, 
Washington 25, D. C.
 Smith, A. K. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Steinkraus, K. H. New York State AES, Cornell 
University, Geneva, New York
 Stewart, George F. University of California, College of 
Agriculture, Davis, California
 Strayer, G. M. American Soybean Association, Hudson, 
Iowa
 Tawa, Andre
 Soybean Council of America, U.A.R., 8 Dr Abdel 
Hamid Said Street, Cairo, Egypt
 Teeter, H. M. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Tjossem, W. E. Ralston Purina Company, St. Louis 2, 
Missouri
 Trotter, W. K. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ERS [USDA’s Economic Research 
Service], USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Van Buren, J. P. New York State AES, Cornell 
University, Geneva, New York
 van Veen, A. G. Food and Agriculture Organization of 
the United Nations, Viale delle Terme di Caracalla, Rome, 
Italy
 Walker, Alan D. Spillers Limited, Station Road, 
Cambridge, England
 Wall, J. S. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Wilcke, H. L. Ralston Purina Company, St. Louis 2, 
Missouri
 Witham, W. C. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Wolf, W. J. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Wolff, I. A. Northern Utilization Research and 
Development Division, ARS, USDA, Peoria, Illinois
 Woods, L.C. A.E. Staley Manufacturing Company, 
Decatur, Illinois. Address: Northern Regional Research Lab., 
Peoria, Illinois.
331. Soybean Digest. 1962. [National Soybean] Crop 
Improvement Council meets. Sept. p. 78.
• Summary: “The 13th annual meeting of the National 
Soybean Crop Improvement Council was held at St. Louis, 
Missouri, July 23-24, with R.W. Judd, managing director, 
Urbana, Illinois, in charge. About 80 agronomists and 
processors were in attendance.
 “Two panels and a speech by Glenn Pogeler, past 
chairman of the board of the National Soybean Processors 
Association, closed the sessions.
 “Processor panel members maintained that processors 
want high oil content in the soybeans they buy and do not 
wish the protein content to be increased at the expense of 
oil. Lowell Andreas, Honeymead Products Co., Mankato, 
Minnesota, said there is still a serious world shortage of fats 
and oils, ‘a tremendous vacuum of fats and oils in world 
markets.’
 “Mr. Pogeler in his closing speech noted that fat 
consumption in northern Europe is among the highest in the 
world, and that we in the United States can get our share of 
that market only if we are competitive pricewise. He called 
the Soybean Council of America a tremendous tool for 
market development work.
 “Mr. Pogeler said that for the short run we may have 
some problems with the European Common Market, but he 
hoped that for the long run the Common Market will work to 
the advantage of everybody. In a panel discussion on areas 
of hope for a yield-barrier breakthrough on soybeans, D.A. 
Hinkle, University of Arkansas, mentioned the possibility 
of getting a higher pod set on soybeans that might produce 
100 or more bushels per acre. Herbert W. Johnson, USDA 
research agronomist, Beltsville, Maryland, said the No. 
1 spot where yield limitation in soybeans may occur is in 
the nitrogen nutrition of the plant. ‘If we could induce the 
soybean to take up more nitrogen we would get a higher 
yield. The soybean is as inefﬁ cient in the utilization of 
nitrogen as any plant you can imagine. Since the dawn of 
history the soybean has depended on its nodules for its 
protein.’
 “H.W. Mederski, Ohio Agricultural Experiment Station, 
said there is a close correlation between yield and the supply 
of moisture from year to year. ‘To me, the hope for higher 
yields is to develop chemical means for stopping the water 
loss from plants, or to chemically adjust the plant to ﬁ t 
within its environment.’
 “Charles V . Simpson, president of the American 
Soybean Association, Waterville, Minnesota, said that 
controlling weeds is a big factor in increasing yields, and that 
he is cutting costs materially through the use of herbicides on 
his farms.

=== PAGE 110 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   110
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “Agronomists who appeared on the program included: 
W.H. Pierre, Iowa; E.J. Kamprath, North Carolina; H.L. 
Musen, South Carolina; J.B. Hanson, Illinois; K.L. Athow, 
Indiana; and R.B. Musgrave, New York.
 “F.R. Senti, Northern Regional Research Laboratory, 
Peoria, Illinois, spoke on, ‘Soybeans’ Future as a Food and 
Feed Crop.’
 “The National Soybean Crop Improvement Council was 
organized in 1950. It was the outgrowth of several annual 
tri-state meetings of processors and agronomists, which were 
held in Iowa, Minnesota, and Missouri; and Illinois, Indiana, 
and Ohio.”
 Photos show: (1) NSCIC Director R.W. Judd, behind a 
podium, with microphone.
 (2) “Yield panel, left to right: H.W. Johnson, Beltsville; 
ASA’s Charles V . Simpson, Waterville, Minnesota; H.J. 
Mederski, Ohio; and D.A. Hinkle, Arkansas.
 (3) Processor panel, l to r: Glenn Pogeler, North Iowa 
Cooperative Processing Association, Mason City; Donald 
B. Walker, Ralston Purina Co., St. Louis; and L.W. Andreas, 
Honeymead Products Co., Mankato, Minnesota.
332. Soybean Digest. 1962. Index of advertisers. Sept. p. 4.
• Summary: Advertisers include: Aeroglide Corp. 
Agricultural Laboratories, Inc. Allied Mills, Inc. Amchem 
Products, Inc. American Express Field Warehousing Corp. 
American Liberty Tank Terminals. American Mineral 
Spirits Co. Arkansas Grain Corp. Bache & Co. Barrow-
Agee Laboratories. Berkeley Associates. R.J. Brown 
Co. Cargill, Inc. Central Iowa Bean Mill. Chase Bag Co. 
Coastal Laboratories, Inc. Continental Grain Co. Crippen 
Manufacturing Co. Crown Zellerbach Corp. Dannen Mills, 
Inc. Davenport Machine & Foundry Co. Day Co. Delhi-
Taylor Oil Corp. Drake Petroleum Co. Louis Dreyfus Corp. 
Extraction Continue De Smet. Farmer City Grain Co. 
Farmers Cooperative Assn. A.T. Ferrell & Co. Fred Forsberg 
& Sons, Inc. French Oil Mill Machinery Co. General Mills, 
Inc. Great Plains Bag Co. Jacob Hartz Seed Co., Inc. H. 
Hentz & Co. Hess Terminals. Hica Petrochemicals, Inc. 
Humble Oil & Reﬁ ning Co. H.D. Hume Co. Iowa Milling 
Co. Jensen Mills. Kansas Soya Products Co., Inc. Langston 
Bag Co. Lauhoff Soya Co. Law & Co. George Lloyd Levin. 
Lockwood Grader Corp. Douglas L. Mains Co. M & W Gear 
Co. Mico Inc. N. Hunt Moore & Associates. Muskogee Iron 
Works, Inc. Myers-Sherman Co. National Tank Co. New 
York Terminal Warehouse. Phillips Petroleum Co. Port of 
New Orleans [Louisiana]. Rudy-Patrick Seed Co. Signal 
Oil & Gas Co. Simon-Carter Co. Southern Soya Corp. 
Standard Commission Co. Stillpass Transit Co. Tri-County 
Co-op Soybean Assn. Twin City Machine Co. Universal, Inc. 
Urbana Laboratories. Viking Pump Co. West Bend Elevator 
Co. K.I. Willis Corp. Woodson-Tenet Laboratories. Albrecht 
H. Zetzsche.
 Note 1. This is the earliest “Index of advertisers” 
section at the beginning of any issue of Soybean Digest. The 
“Convention Issue” in September had long been the biggest 
issue of the year, and the one with the most advertisements.
 Note 2. The next such “Index of advertisers” did not 
appear until July 1963, but from that month on there was an 
Index at the front of every issue.
333. Product Name:  Lecithin.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Arkansas Grain Corporation. 
Renamed Riceland Foods in 1970.
Manufacturer’s Address:  N. Grand., Stuttgart, Arkansas.
Date of Introduction:  1962.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Blue Book. 1962. 
p. 111; 1966. p. 106. Home ofﬁ ce is now at 120 N. Grand in 
Stuttgart but plant is apparently at Helena, Arkansas 72342. 
Note that in 1971 Riceland Foods has a plant in Stuttgart but 
National Lecithin Inc. is listed in Hot Springs, Arkansas.
334. Carle, W.F. 1962. Cooperative pooling of soybeans 
under the new support price regulations. American 
Cooperation 1962. p. 326-30.
• Summary: A brief history of the Arkansas Grain 
Corporation makes it easier to understand how and why it 
utilizes the soybean price support program. “The Arkansas 
Grain Corporation is a sister organization to the Arkansas 
Rice Growers Cooperative Association which has been 
processing and marketing rice for its members on a 
cooperative basis since 1921.” The Arkansas Rice Growers 
Cooperative Association expanded rapidly during the period 
from 1945 to 1955 when farmers began harvesting their rice 
using combines, and the need for grain driers developed. 
During that time 13 “Afﬁ liated Rice Drying Cooperatives” 
were constructed in the rice-growing sections of Arkansas.
 “The number of acres planted to rice were reduced 
substantially when rice acreage allotments were put into 
effect. Many of these acres as well as well as acres from 
newly-cleared land were then planted to soybeans. In 
addition, acres from cotton and small grains were diverted 
to soybean production. The rapid increase in soybean 
production made it necessary to consider additional 
facilities to receive, dry, clean, and store the crop. Members 
of The Arkansas Rice Growers Cooperative Association 
met to discuss the problems, and in 1958 the Hazen and 
Weiner afﬁ liates constructed soybean storage. Since that 
time, soybean storage and handling facilities have been 
constructed at 14 other locations.”
 “In 1960 the Arkansas Grain Corporation constructed 
a 1,000 ton (33,000 bushel) per day soybean solvent 
extraction plant at Stuttgart, Arkansas. Except when shut 
down for maintenance and repairs, that plant has operated 
continuously since the last part of October 1960.”
 “Prior to 1961 only the rice, cotton, dry beans, peanuts, 
and tobacco cooperatives were permitted to put commodities 
under price support loans or purchase agreements for their 

=== PAGE 111 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   111
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
members. During 1961, the U.S.D.A. agreed to extend price 
support privileges to associations of soybean producers 
who qualiﬁ ed under regulations issued by the Department. 
Arkansas Grain Corporation made a formal application on 
September 25, 1961, and were approved as a Cooperative 
Marketing Association eligible for price supports under the 
1961-Crop Soybean Price Support Program Regulations.” 
Financial details of crop payments are then given.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Sept. 2020) 
that mentions the “Arkansas Grain Corporation,” which was 
later renamed Riceland Foods. Address: Manager, Soybean 
Div., Arkansas Grain Corp., Stuttgart, AR.
335. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1963. 3 million 
gallons soybean oil spill when tank splits: Oil could clog 
pipes, pumps. Jan. 23. p. 1.
• Summary: A large photo shows that the soybean oil, which 
burst out of a tank at the Honeymead Products Co., had such 
force that it pitched one railroad car off its tracks onto the ice 
of the nearby Blue Earth river, and knocked another railroad 
car onto the river bank. The tidal wave of oil covered the ice 
on the river. The tank that burst is visible at right.
336. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1963. Street crews 
ﬁ ght to clear sticky soybean oil ooze. Jan. 23. p. 1-2.
• Summary: A photo shows one car on Given street up to its 
hubcaps in soybean oil.
337. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1963. Hexane blast 
big concern, not the oil. Jan. 23. p. 1-2.
• Summary: The Mankato ﬁ re department rushed to guard 
against the possibility that oil from Honeymead’s ruptured 
tank might cause a ﬁ re or explosion at the company’s hexane 
processing plant.
338. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1963. Sea of oil 
isolates 4 in family. Jan. 23. p. 2.
• Summary: Four members of Mel Herman’s family were 
stranded in their dwelling at 416 Given st. when 3 million 
gallons of soybean oil burst Honeymead’s ruptured tank. Mr. 
Herman, who is employed as a trucker by Honeymead, was 
in Minneapolis on business at the time of the accident.
339. Swanson, Bob; Gravenstein, Ed. 1963. Loss could reach 
$2 million. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). Jan. 23. p. 1-2.
• Summary: Honeymead’s huge steel tank ruptured at 9:10 
a.m. in 20-below zero cold, injuring one man and ﬂ ooding 
several blocks surrounding the company in southwest 
Mankato. The lost oil is valued at $2.1 million, according 
to Lowell Andreas, executive vice president of Honeymead. 
He said the ﬁ rm is adequately protected against the loss by 
insurance. All 65 of Honeymead’s employees are being used 
in the salvage and cleanup. Address: Staff writers.
340. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1963. Honeymead 
mop-up to take a week. Jan. 24. p. 1-2, 8.
• Summary: A large photo shows an aerial view of the 
Honeymead plant in Mankato. ‘X’ marks the spot where the 
huge steel tank, ﬁ lled with 3 million gallons of soybean oil, 
stood before it burst. Snow is on the ground around the plant. 
More photos appear on page 8.
341. Minneapolis Tribune (Minnesota). 1963. Family trapped 
by soybean oil: For six hours. Jan.
• Summary: A
 large photo shows Mel Herman trying to 
dig out his car from its garage surrounded by congealed 
soybean oil a foot deep from the nearby Honeymead plant in 
Mankato.
342. SoyaScan Notes. 1963. Letters (4) received by Glenn 
Pogeler from U.S. government ofﬁ cials in reply to his letters 
(Overview). Compiled by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: During 1963 Glenn Pogeler was Manager, 
North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association, 1605 19th 
Street, S.W., Box 1338, Mason City, Iowa. These letters are 
each typed on a letterhead with a signature.
 1963 Feb. 21–Re: Pogeler’s concern with proposal in 
[European] Common Market countries to levy an internal 
duty on vegetable oils. From H.R. Gross, 3d District, Iowa, 
U.S. House of Representatives.
 1963 May 22–Re: “I am glad to hear that House File 208 
will be of some value to your cooperative.” From Harold E. 
Hughes, Governor, State of Iowa, Des Moines.
 1963 July 27–Re: “Too many labor disputes and 
problems are being settled on the basis of partisan politics.” 
Threat of rail strike. From H.R. Gross, 3d District, Iowa, 
U.S. House of Representatives.
 1963 July 29–Re: Thanks for article from Wall Street 
Journal entitled “Compulsion to Cure Compulsion.” 
Railroad problem has dragged on too long. From: B.B. 
Hickenlooper, Iowa, U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign 
Relations.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Sept. 2015) 
that contains the term “Common Market countries.”
343. Minneapolis Star (Minnesota). 1963. Oil dam goes up 
on the Mississippi (Photo caption). April 7.
• Summary: Two large photos show: (1) One man from 
Northﬁ eld, dressed in a military uniform, wiring burlap 
bags together. Two cables were passed through the bags 
and fastened to barrels. (2) Another man, same place and 
dress, pushes one of many barrels into position. Later it was 
pulled across the water. Note: The ﬂ oating dam is intended 
to contain soybean oil spilled at the Honeymead plant in 
Mankato in January.
344. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1963. Interior 

=== PAGE 112 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   112
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
department studies effects of river oil pollution. April 21.
• Summary: Secretary of the Interior Stewart L. Udall 
said that his department, together with the Fish and 
Wildlife Service are making intensive efforts to pinpoint 
the immediate and long-term effects on wildlife from the 
[Honeymead soybean oil] spill that has now polluted the 
Mississippi and Minnesota Rivers. That spill “has already 
killed 2,000 waterfowl, plus an undetermined number of 
ﬁ sh, beavers, muskrats and other wildlife.” Udall said his 
department has an obligation “to protect fully the national 
interest in such cases of large-scale pollution.”
345. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1963. Oil ﬁ lm still on 
river here, say ofﬁ cials. April 21.
• Summary: A light ﬁ lm of soybean oil (from the rupture 
of a Honeymead tank in January) is still ﬂ oating on the 
“Minnesota river,” according to federal and state ﬁ sh and 
game ofﬁ cials.
346. Lambert, J.W.; Behrens, R. 1963. Narrow-row soybeans 
without weeds. Soybean Digest. April. p. 10-11.
• Summary: “It now may be possible to grow soybeans in 
close-spaced rows without weeds taking over. This is good 
news to Midwest soybean producers. They have known for 
several years that narrow rows usually give better yields but 
have been plagued with the task of controlling weeds. To 
hold weeds down, special cultivating equipment had to be 
provided and slower tractor speeds used. As a result most 
farmers felt it wasn’t worth the trouble. They stuck with their 
conventional 40-inch corn-row spacings, even though it often 
meant sacriﬁ cing from 3 to 5 bushels per acre of soybean 
yields.
 “Recent studies in Minnesota indicate that some of 
the new herbicides may make it possible to take advantage 
of narrow row spacings without the usual weed hazard. 
Experimental plantings of Chippewa soybeans made in 
two southern Minnesota locations, Waseca and Lamberton, 
showed that yields in 24-, 12-, and 6-inch row spacings 
averaged somewhat higher than those in 40-inch rows if 
weeds were controlled. As indicated by the yields shown in 
ﬁ gure 1, Amiben applied pre-emergence at 3 pounds per acre 
was almost as effective in weed control as hand- weeding at 
Waseca; CDAA (Randox) at 4 pounds was somewhat less 
effective on broad-leaved weeds. In all cases, even in the 40-
inch and 24-inch spacings where the rows were cultivated, 
yields were higher in the herbicide-treated plots than in the 
untreated check plots. No cultivation was done in the 12-inch 
and 6-inch spacings.
 “The yields at Lamberton shown in ﬁ gure 2, were 
highest in the handweeded plots because the weed control by 
the chemicals at that location was somewhat less effective 
than at Waseca. However, the yields in the plots treated with 
3 pounds of Amiben per acre or with 4 pounds of CDAA 
gave higher yields than the untreated checks except in the 
40-inch spacing. Twenty-four inches appeared to be the 
optimum spacing at Lamberton in 1961.
 “Previous experiments in Minnesota and other states 
had indicated, on the one hand, that yields usually could be 
stepped up by narrowing the row spacings and, on the other 
hand, that early-season weeds could rather frequently be 
controlled by use of either CDAA or Amiben. The studies 
reported in this article were an attempt to combine the two 
research ﬁ ndings into ﬁ eld practice. Financial support for the 
studies was provided, in part, by two industries operating in 
southern Minnesota, the Chicago and North Western Railway 
Co. of Chicago [Illinois] and the Honeymead Products Co. of 
Mankato, Minnesota.
 “Obviously, all the answers are not in yet with regard 
to row spacings and herbicides. One year’s results are not 
completely conclusive. Furthermore, it is known that the 
effectiveness of CDAA or Amiben is subject to weather and 
soil conditions. Hence it cannot be said, as yet, that soybeans 
should be planted in 6-, 12-, or 24-inch rows, treated with 
pre-emergence herbicides, and forgotten until harvest time. 
However, with the development of new and more dependable 
herbicides or at least the development of more dependable 
ways of applying herbicides, such a method of production 
may become entirely feasible. Costs of herbicides may 
well be more than offset by savings in cultivation, by more 
efﬁ cient harvesting on smooth, level soil surfaces, and by 
higher yields from narrow row-spacing.
 A photo shows: Rows of soybeans in a ﬁ  eld with 
“normal 40-inch row spacing and 24-inch row spacing.”
 Bar charts show: (1) Weed control and row spacings, 
Waseca, Minnesota 1961. Yield (bu/acre).
 (3) Weed control and row spacings, Lamberton, 
Minnesota 1961. Yield (bu/acre).
 Note: On the cover of this issue is printed in big, bold, 
black letters on a blue background: “Weed Control North and 
South.” Address: Minnesota.
347. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1963. Army engineers 
seek to solve oil problem: In Minnesota River. April.
• Summary: Army engineers and the Minnesota department 
of health are studying the pools of crude soybean oil moving 
downstream towards Minneapolis in the “Minnesota river” 
after a storage tank broke at Honeymead Products Co. last 
January. A major concern is to prevent the oil from entering 
the Mississippi river south of Minneapolis. Honeymead will 
have to bear all expenses involved.
348. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1963. Kato ‘highball’ 
starts upstream. April.
• Summary: “Soybean Oil on the Rocks,” Mankato’s 
most famous highball, heralded the arrival of spring today, 
reaching a point between St. Peter and Le Sueur. Huge 
golden ﬂ ows of soybean oil started to move downstream 
in the “Minnesota river” as the ice began breaking up. The 

=== PAGE 113 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   113
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
golden-to-orange oil was part of 3 million gallons that 
burst from a tank at Honeymead Products Co. in Mankato 
on Jan. 23. From the “Blue Earth river” beside the plant, it 
ﬂ owed into the Minnesota river, and will proceed toward the 
Mississippi river unless stopped.
349. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1963. Guardsmen 
pulled one section of oil dam out into the river to connect it 
with another (Photo caption). April.
• Summary: This photo shows burlap bags, stretched 
between two steel cables. The cables, one 4 inches above the 
water and the other 18 inches below, are supported by empty 
oil drums. A motor boat is pulling the ﬂ oating dam onto the 
Mississippi River two miles above Red Wing, Minnesota. Oil 
stopped by the bags will be scooped into boats, taken ashore, 
and burned. The oil [some of it from Honeymead Products 
Co.] has killed an estimated 10,000 waterfowl.
350. Farmers Cooperative Association. 1963. Manufacturers 
of expeller process soybean meal and soybean pellets (Ad). 
Soybean Digest. p. 81.
• Summary: A simple 1/8-page ad. Address: Ralston, Iowa.
351. St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri). 1963. K.C. co-op 
buys out Dannens: Personnel to be retained in multi-million-
dollar deal. Sept. 1. p. 1.
• Summary: The sale of Dannen Mills facilities in St. Joseph, 
Missouri, and the Great Plains states to the Farmers Union 
Cooperative Marketing Association (better known as CMA) 
[Kansas City [Missouri], was announced Saturday by Dwight 
L. Dannen, chairman of the Dannen board of directors, and 
P.J. Nash, secretary-manager of the cooperative.
 Dannen has 450 employees, of which 250 are located in 
St. Joseph. “CMA is a regional grain marketing cooperative 
whose membership is composed of some 220 local 
cooperative elevators in Kansas, Missouri and Nebraska. It 
has terminal grain elevators in Topeka [Kansas] and Kansas 
City [Missouri], with a capacity of 25,000,000 bushels. It 
recent years CMA has been expanding its marketing service 
into the exporting of grains and it owns a ﬂ eet of barges.” In 
March 1963 the CMA board recommended that CMA should 
build or acquire a soybean processing plant in the Missouri–
Kansas–Nebraska area.
 The acquisition includes the Dannen soybean processing 
plant at St. Joseph, which has a production capacity of 750 
tons per day. Dannen’s was founded in 1925 as a grain 
marketing business. It entered the feed manufacturing ﬁ eld 
in 1935 and placed its soybean mill in operation in 1938 [sic, 
1939]. It has grain storage facilities for 24 million bushels.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
concerning the Farmers Union Cooperative Marketing 
Association (better known as CMA), of Kansas City, 
Missouri. On 1 June 1968 it joined with 3 other regional 
grain cooperatives to become Far-Mar-Co.
352. Wall Street Journal. 1963. Farmers co-op buys Dannen 
Mills properties for over $20 million. Sept. 4. p. 8.
• Summary: Dannen Mills was founded by H.L. Dannen 
in 1923 in St. Joseph, Missouri, as a grain merchandising 
organization. In 1935 it started manufacturing feed, and in 
1938 it entered the soybean processing business.
353. St. Joseph Gazette (Missouri). 1963. Tax policy on mill 
unchanged. Sept. 11. p. 1.
• Summary: “There will be no change in the city and county 
tax status on Dannen Mills, Inc. property recently purchased 
by the Farmers Union Co-operative Marketing Association 
[CMA]...
 The “chief deputy county tax assessor said ‘co-
operatives pay property taxes just like all other businesses 
do.’” Thus the Dannen property will continue to be subject to 
city and county property taxes. Co-operatives do, however, 
receive certain other tax advantages.
354. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmers Union Cooperative 
Marketing Association (CMA) (Kansas City, Missouri).
Manufacturer’s Address:  St. Joseph, Missouri.
Date of Introduction:  1963 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  St. Joseph Gazette 
(Missouri). 1963. “K.C. co-op buys out Dannens: Personnel 
to be retained in multi-million-dollar deal.” Sept. 1. p. 1. The 
sale of Dannen Mills facilities in St. Joseph, Missouri, and 
the Great Plains states to the Farmers Union Cooperative 
Marketing Association (better known as CMA), Kansas City 
[Missouri], was announced Saturday by Dwight L. Dannen, 
chairman of the Dannen board of directors. Far-Mar-Co, 
Inc. 1970/03. “44% & 48.5% Soybean Meal. Degummed 
Soybean Oil” (Ad). Soybean Digest Blue Book. p. 7.
 Note 1. The cooperative is now named Far-Mar-Co.
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 12. Far-Mar-Co, 
Inc. (Hutchinson, Kansas) (St. Joseph, Missouri, 1963).
 Note 2. The 1975 NOPA yearbook also states that Far-
Mar-Co., Inc. has a soybean processing plant in St. Joseph, 
Missouri.
355. St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri). 1963. CMA to 
continue operating Dannen feed mill here. Oct. 22. p. 1-2, 5.
• Summary: Consumers Marketing Association (CMA) 
purchased the Dannen facilities in St. Joseph “primarily 
because of its soybean mill, grain elevator and Missouri 
River wharf.” After a period of indecision, the grain 

=== PAGE 114 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   114
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
marketing cooperative has decided to continue operating 
the Dannen feed mill in St. Joseph. At the same time, 
however, “CMA will negotiate with Consumers Co-operative 
Association or any other interested cooperative concerning 
possible sale or lease of the feed mill”–which has an hourly 
production capacity of 25 tons and a potential annual 
capacity of 100,000 tons of feed. CMA plans to eventually 
sell Dannen’s 25 country elevators to co-operatives or 
independent ﬁ rms or newly organized co-operatives. “No 
decision has yet been made... concerning an integrated 
feed mill and feeding lot the Dannen ﬁ rm has at Milliken, 
Colorado. A study also is being made of the 100,000 hen egg 
production plant which was acquired by CMA in the Dannen 
purchase.” CMA has assets of $32.5 million.
 In a meeting at the Hotel Robidoux, Dwight L. Dannen, 
former owner of Dannen Mills, gave the main talk of the 
morning session, at which he discussed the development 
of the soybean processing industry. “Mr. Dannen termed 
soybeans the ‘miracle crop of the 20th century’ and stated 
soybean production is now the fastest growing segment of 
the agricultural industry.” He said that when Dannen began 
processing, it had a production capacity of 600 bushels 
of soybean a day. That compares with 700 tons per day at 
present.
 A photo (p. 5), captioned “Conference of CMA 
ofﬁ cials,” shows “Dwight L. Dannen, manager of the new 
Dannen Mills division of CMA; Ed Johnson, Osborn, 
Kansas, president of CMA; and Pat J. Nash, general manager 
of CMA.”
356. Kansas Farm News (Kansas City). 1963. CMA acquires 
Dannen Mills: Purchase includes soybean plant. 29(9):1, 4-5. 
Oct.
• Summary: “Kansas City–The Farmers Union Cooperative 
Marketing Association acquired the assets of Dannen 
Mills Inc., on Sept. 9. The announcement was made jointly 
by P.J. Nash, CMA secretary-manager, and Dwight L. 
Dannen, chairman of Dannen Mills, following completion 
of negotiations and agreement between the two grain 
organizations.
 “Included in the multi-million dollar transaction was a 
750-ton per day capacity solvent soybean processing unit, a 
modern formula feed plant and a large terminal elevator with 
barge facilities, all at St. Joseph, Missouri, on the Missouri 
River; feed mills at Red Oak, Iowa, and Milliken, Colorado, 
and also a large number of feed stores and country elevators 
throughout Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, Illinois and Iowa.
 “Grain storage doubled: Grain storage capacity in excess 
of 24 million bushels obtained in the purchase will almost 
double that of CMA’s present facilities.”
 “Purchase of the Dannen properties ful ﬁ lls the action 
of the CMA Board of Directors taken last March, according 
to Mr. Nash. Following the conclusion of an intensive study 
into the feasibility of a soybean processing operation by 
the regional cooperative made by the Farmers Cooperative 
of the Department of Agriculture [USDA], CMA directors 
voted to enter the soybean processing business either through 
construction of a new plant at the Fairfax elevator [in Kansas 
City, Kansas], or by acquisition of new facilities in the 
Kansas City area.”
 “CMA’s main purpose in acquiring Dannen was because 
of the soybean processing plant and the additional grain 
storage capacity available with barge loading facilities along 
the Missouri River,” said Nash.
 “CMA composed of some 220 local cooperative 
elevators in Kansas, Missouri, and Nebraska, was organized 
in 1914 as the Farmers Union Jobbing Association and 
changed to its present name in 1962.
 Dwight L. Dannen will remain to manage the new 
Dannen divisions. Dannen Mills is one of the largest 
businesses in St. Joseph.
 “Dannen established 40 years: Dannen Mills was 
founded in 1923 by the late H.L. Dannen at St. Joseph as a 
grain merchandising company. In 1935, the company started 
feed manufacturing and entered the soybean processing 
business three years later with the construction of a plant. 
Dwight L. Dannen became president of the company in 1963 
and later was made chairman of the board.”
 Photos show: (1) Seven men and one woman in a room 
during contract negotiations. (2) P.J. Nash and Dwight 
Dannen shaking hands following contract negotiations. (3) 
Aerial view of the Dannen Elevator and feed mill extending 
along the Missouri River. (4) A scale model showing the 
interior of the soybean mill. (5) Close-up of the 24 million 
bushel terminal elevator with a large truck in the foreground. 
On one side is written: “Ask for Dannen Feeds.” (6) Exterior 
of the soybean mill showing the galley at right that leads to 
the wharf. (7) A barge docked at the wharf being loaded. A 
map shows CMA’s “terminal triangle” in St. Joseph, Kansas 
City, and Topeka.
357. Soybean Digest. 1963. Dannen Mills sold to Farmers 
Union [CMA] of KC [Kansas City, Missouri]. Oct. p. 24.
• Summary: “The purchase of Dannen Mills properties in St. 
Joseph, Missouri, and the Great Plains states by the Farmers 
Union Cooperative Marketing Association, Kansas City, 
has been announced by Dwight L. Dannen, chairman of the 
Dannen board of directors, and P.J. Nash, secretary-manager 
of the cooperative, better known as CMA.
 “The acquisition includes the Dannen soybean 
processing plant at St. Joseph, which has a production 
capacity of 750 tons per day... Dannen’s was founded in 
1925 as a grain marketing business. It entered the feed 
manufacturing ﬁ eld in 1935 and placed its soybean mill in 
operation in 1938.”
358. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1963. New operation 
timetable set at Honeymead. Nov. 30.

=== PAGE 115 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   115
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
• Summary: Equipment for making hydrogenated soybean 
oil is expected to be in operation at the Honeymead Products 
Co. late this winter. The new equipment will be able to 
produce about 240,000 lb/day of the hydrogenated oil.
359. Anderson, Loyd V . 1963. The U.S. soybean story. 
Chemurgic Digest. Nov/Dec. p. 3-4.
• Summary: “Soybean acreage was stimulated by the 
droughts of the 1930’s and by corn acreage allotments 
which made land available for beans... In 1929 a soybean 
laboratory was established in Ohio to conduct research aimed 
at the development of varieties high in oil and protein. The 
U.S. Regional Soybean Industrial Products Laboratory was 
located at Urbana, Illinois in 1936. It carried on industrial 
utilization research and, in cooperation with the experiment 
stations of the North Central states, it also conducted 
agronomic studies in the development of improved 
varieties.”
 Soya Lecithin “has become almost the traditional 
example of Chemurgy whereby an agricultural by-product 
of little value is upgraded and is found to have value as 
the result of scientiﬁ c investigation. Lecithin is nature’s 
wetting agent...” In pharmaceuticals, lecithin is a source of 
choline and inositol. “In the cosmetic industry, it is again a 
satisfactory and safe emulsifying agent. In soaps, it improves 
lather stability and represses alkalinity. In paint products, it 
acts as a wetting and dispersing agent and improves milling, 
paint leveling and brushing qualities. In rubber, it acts as 
an antioxidant and as a dispersing agent for the ﬁ ller. As 
an additive to lubricating oils, it helps counteract bearing 
corrosion and otherwise lengthens the life of the product. 
In gasoline, it is an anticloud and anti-corrosive agent. It 
helps produce softer, silkier leather products.” Address: 
Honeymead Products Co., Mankato, Minnesota.
360. Knapp, Joseph Grant. 1963. Farmers in business: 
Studies in cooperative enterprise. Washington, DC: American 
Institute of Cooperation. xii + 450 p. Index. 24 cm. [32 ref]
• Summary: This is a collection of speeches and published 
articles by the author. Contents: Foreword. Preface. Part 
I: The nature of cooperative enterprise (15 chapters). Part 
II: Organization and operation (16). Part III: Lessons from 
experience (5). Part IV: Challenges and problems (7). Part V: 
The road ahead (11). Appendixes: (A) For further reading. 
(B) Current farmer cooperative statistics.
 Although soybeans are not mentioned in this book, Land 
O’Lakes (a pioneering cooperative) is: (1) The subject of an 
excellent history, Men to Remember (1947) (p. 170). (2) It 
has created new outlets for quality butter, and is one of many 
well-known, high-quality cooperative brands, including Blue 
Diamond (almonds), Gold Kist (cotton, poultry), Ocean 
Spray (cranberries), Sun-Maid (Raisins, founded in 1912; 
brand launched in 1915), Sunsweet (prunes and other dried 
fruit), Challenge (butter), Nulaid (eggs), Tillamook (cheese), 
Sioux Bee (honey), etc. (3) An example of a horizontal 
integration following World War I. (4) A good example 
of diversiﬁ cation and the addition of complementary 
products to its basic line in order to better serve the needs of 
customers and reduce overhead costs (p. 268). (5) Brought 
new respect to dairy farmers for emphasis on quality (p. 
325).
 Joseph Knapp (born 1900) is considered America’s 
foremost authority on farmer cooperatives. On the rear dust 
jacket is a biography of Knapp with a portrait photo and 
list of his major books. Address: [Administrator, Farmer 
Cooperative Service, USDA].
361. Dannen, Dwight L. 1963? Dannen Mills, Inc., 1921-
1963. St. Joseph, Missouri. 2 p. Unpublished typescript. 
Undated. 28 cm.
• Summary: An excellent, concise history of Dannen Mills, 
written by the son of the founder. 1909–Henry L. Dannen 
graduated from the Capital City Commercial College in Des 
Moines, Iowa and came to St. Joseph, Missouri, to work 
for the St. Joseph Board of Trade in their building on the 
southwest corner of Main and Edmond. Later he was with 
the St. Joseph Hay & Grain Co.
 1921–Henry Dannen went into business for himself, 
starting the Dannen Hay & Grain Co. It had ofﬁ ces in the 
Corby Building at 5th & Felix, and bought and sold carload 
lots of grain and hay throughout the middle west.
 1925–The company opened a retail grain and feed store 
at 4th & Seneca, and began to supply farmers in the area 
with feed and farm supplies. That year the main ofﬁ ce was 
moved to expanded space on the 2nd ﬂ oor of the Missouri 
Valley Trust Building at 4th & Felix.
 1934–A grain elevator for receiving trucked grain, and 
a feed warehouse were built at 8th & Atchison Street in St. 
Joseph.
 1935–Feed mixing was started at the feed warehouse.
 1936–A feed mill was constructed at the 8th and 
Atchison site for the manufacture of Dannen Feeds for 
livestock and poultry. Also in 1936 the company was 
incorporated and changed its name to Dannen Grain & 
Milling Co. The main ofﬁ ce was moved to a remodeled store 
at 412 Felix St.
 “Meanwhile elevators and feed stores were being built 
or purchased in the surrounding area and a feed distribution 
network of Dannen Feed Dealers was being set up 
throughout the four-state area of Missouri, Iowa, Kansas, and 
Nebraska.”
 1938–”The Grain Belt Mill at 900 Lower Lake Road had 
been closed for several years and had become the property 
of the Missouri Paciﬁ c Railroad. In 1938 the mill was leased 
by a new company called Dannen Soybean Corporation 
(stockholders were H.L. Dannen, Dwight L. Dannen [his 
son], Walter W. Head, Leonard Guitar, and David Hopkins) 
and announcement was made that the old feed mill would be 

=== PAGE 116 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   116
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
converted to a new modern soybean processing plant.
 1939 Feb. 22–The new soybean mill started operation.
 1940–The buildings were purchased from the railroad 
and the soybean processing capacity was expanded. Also in 
1940 all of the stock in Dannen Soybean Corporation was 
purchased by H.L. Dannen and Dwight L. Dannen, and the 
name was Changed to Dannen Mills. The headquarters of 
both Dannen Mills and Dannen Grain & Milling Company 
remained at 412 Felix Street.
 1941–The Excello Feed Mill at 22nd & Gar ﬁ eld was 
purchased and used for grain storage and sacked feed 
warehousing until 1943.
 1942 spring–The “Easthills Golf and Country Club 
property just east of St. Joseph was purchased and became 
Dannen Research Farm where livestock and poultry feeds 
were developed and tested under actual farm conditions. 
(The research farm eventually became Stonecrest housing 
development as the city limits pushed on east).
 1943–The Excello Feed Mill was modernized and 
became the main production mill for Dannen Feeds. At that 
time Dannen Grain & Milling Co. and Dannen Mills were 
merged into one company and named Dannen Mills.
 1944–A “new ofﬁ  ce building adjacent to the soybean 
mill at 900 Lower Lake Road was ﬁ nished and the corporate 
ofﬁ ce moved from 412 Felix.
 1948–”An explosion and ﬁ re destroyed the soybean 
mill... It was rebuilt and enlarged on the west side of Lower 
Lake Road and went into operation in 1949.
 1950–The “Grain and Jobbing Division, which was in 
reality the original business of the company, had become a 
very important part of Dannen Mills and had outgrown its 
space in the main ofﬁ ce. Therefore in 1950 it moved into 
new ofﬁ ce space on the 10th ﬂ oor of the Corby Building 
where it was close to the St. Joseph Grain Exchange, railroad 
ofﬁ ces, and banks.”
 1953–The Warehousing Division of Dannen Mills 
is formed. Dannen had become one of the largest storers 
of surplus wheat for the U.S. government by modifying 
unused buildings as well as using conventional grain storage 
facilities. It leased from the City of St. Joseph several empty 
buildings at Rosecrans Airport and equipped them for storing 
wheat owned by the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC).
 1953 Nov. 27–A ﬁ  re completely destroyed the feed 
mill at 22nd & Garﬁ eld. Plans were made immediately to 
build a new mill adjacent to the soybean mill at 900 Lower 
Lake Road. While the new mill was being planned and 
constructed, employees were transferred to a company’s mill 
at Red Oak, Iowa, to continue manufacture of Dannen Feeds.
 1954–A barge terminal dock is built on the Missouri 
River adjacent to the soybean processing plant. It has 
facilities for loading barges with grain, soybean meal, and 
soybean oil, and for unloading barges of molasses for the 
feed mill.
 1955–The Warehousing Division of Dannen Mills 
purchases the Chase Candy Co. building at 5th and Sylvanie 
in St. Joseph and ﬁ lls all ﬂ oors of the building with surplus 
wheat owned by the CCC.
 1955 fall–Dannen’s new feed mill at 900 Lower Lake 
Road is completed.
 1956–Dannen decides to convert the Chase Candy Co. 
building into new corporate ofﬁ ces. The work was begun in 
1956 and ﬁ nished in late 1958.
 1958 Jan.–Dannen Mills leases (and later buys) that Gas 
Service Company’s gas storage tank at 2nd and Cedar streets. 
It had become unusable and the gas company had scheduled 
it for demolition. But Dannen converted it into a 1,000,000 
bushel grain storage bin. It was ﬁ lled with government 
owned wheat and later used to store soybeans at harvest time 
for later processing at the soybean mill.
 1959 Jan. 16–Open house at Dannen’s new corporate 
ofﬁ ces at 5th and Sylvanie. All corporate divisions, including 
Administration, Feed Mills, Soybean Mill, Grain & 
Jobbing, Country Stations, Research Farm, Sanitation, and 
Warehousing were moved to the new location.
 1962–Consumers Marketing Association, with 
headquarters in Kansas City, Missouri, started negotiations 
for the purchase of Dannen Mills, Inc. By that time the 
corporation had expanded to over 600 employees, and 
had feed mills in Red Oak and Harlan, Iowa; Blackwell, 
Oklahoma; and Miliken, Colorado. Branch ofﬁ ces were in 
Kansas City, Omaha (Nebraska), Des Moines (Iowa), Denver 
(Colorado), and Albuquerque (New Mexico); and its 54 
country stations and warehousing plants were scattered over 
Missouri, Illinois, Iowa, Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma, and 
Colorado.
 1963 Sept.–The sales of Dannen Mills, Inc. to CMA is 
ﬁ nalized. Address: St. Joseph, Missouri.
362. Flumerfelt, Walter E. 1964. Sammy Soy grows up. 
Soybean News (NSCIC) 15(2):1-3, 6. Jan.
• Summary: “The ﬁ rst full tankcar of domestic soybean 
oil was made by Otto Eisenschiml in 1918 or 1919 at the 
original solvent extraction plant of the Chicago Linseed Oil 
plant. Dr. Eisenschiml, now in his 80’s and still vigorous, 
was really the pioneer in the utilization of soybean oil 
industrially.
 “In the early 1930s, Mr. Henry Ford had publicized 
his pet, the soybean. Everywhere people discussed and 
wrote about the ‘miracle bean.’ This newcomer to Midwest 
agriculture had potential, but it took a Second World War to 
really give the soybean the boost that put it ‘over the top.’ 
Back in 1937 the American Chemical Society was having its 
Midwest Regional meeting at Omaha, Nebraska. At that time 
I had built and was managing the soybean processing plant at 
Waterloo, Iowa. Dr. O.R. Sweeney, Professor of Agricultural 
Chemistry at Iowa State College, asked me to talk about 
soybeans at one of the food symposiums at this ACS 
Convention. My theme was ‘Let Sam Soy Do It’ and my 

=== PAGE 117 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   117
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
paper embraced an enthusiastic discourse regarding “Sam 
Soy,” a name chosen to personify our American soybean. We 
discussed the growth and possibilities of soybeans in relation 
to agriculture and industry and tried to show how this rugged 
Oriental immigrant has thrived in Uncle Sam’s environment.
 “Now let’s try to note some of the things which have 
materialized as soybeans have developed. Just 47 years 
ago, as a young fellow on a New York State dairy farm, my 
father and I began planting soybeans with corn for silage. 
Dad had read about this new legume plant, how it added 
nitrogen to the soil and how the soybeans as hay or silage 
would increase milk production. So, we sent three dollars to 
a seed house in Virginia and got in return one peck of brown 
soybean seeds along with a little can of black inoculation 
dirt. The soybeans grew very well, seemed to increase 
feeding values, and our milk checks, based on fat premiums, 
were always tops.
 “So, in the late 1920s, after following Horace Greeley’s 
advice to ‘Go West, young man, Go West,’ soybeans were 
not strange to me when I encountered them as a cash crop 
getting under way in the Midwest cornbelt states.
 “My own initiation into the soybean processing business 
was in 1929 operating a small solvent extraction plant at 
Monticello, Illinois, and since that time we have seen the 
annual crop develop in the United States from 9 million 
bushels in 1929 to over 700 million bushels in a short 34 
years.”
 A portrait photo shows Walter E. Flummerfelt. Address: 
Director of Marketing Oilseeds Operations, Specialty 
Products Div., General Mills, Inc.
363. Soybean Digest. 1964. 1,800 attend soybean day in 
Dawson, Minnesota. April. p. 17.
• Summary: About 1,800 people attended the annual 
soybean day at Dawson, Minnesota, March 12, and partook 
of the noon meal which featured soy pancakes–as it has for 
the past several years–and also a new dish consisting of ham 
and soybeans, prepared like baked beans.
 “Jerry Michaelson was master of ceremonies for the 
day, and Harry Jorgenson, of Boyd, furnished music on 
his electric organ. The address of welcome was given by 
Norman Nelson, president of the Dawson Chamber of 
Commerce.
 “Short talks were given by Joe Givens, manager of the 
Tri-County Cooperative Soybean Association at Dawson; 
and George Gehant, Jr., Lac Qui Parle county agent. Mr. 
Givens said the Tri-County Association had made a number 
of improvements and processing reﬁ nements during the year 
including installation of improved meal screening, grinding 
and cooling equipment, a higher capacity solvent evaporator, 
a holding bin for the ﬂ at storage building and a new bulk 
meal storage tank, mostly installed for the production of 50% 
protein soybean meal.
 “The main address was by Dr. Max Myers of South 
Dakota State College, Brookings, on ‘Where Have Soybeans 
Been and Where Are They Going?’ Entertainment was by TV 
personality Bud Jacobson, the ‘gentleman pickpocket.’”
364. Dannen Mills Div., Farmers Union Cooperative 
Marketing Association. 1964. Dannen Mills, St. Joseph, 
Missouri–Soybean processors, serving the livestock and 
poultry feed manufacturer (Ad). Soybean Digest. May. p. 20.
• Summary: “Specializing in 50 to 100 ton export orders. 
Consistent quality of both 44% and 50% soybean meal. 
Modern plant, assuring fast, dependable service. Competitive 
prices.” An illustration shows the Dannen logo. Address: St. 
Joseph, Missouri.
365. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Arkansas Grain Corporation. 
Renamed Riceland Foods in 1970.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Helena, Arkansas.
Date of Introduction:  1964 July.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Digest. 1964. Oct. 
p. 13-15. “Arkansas Grain opens new plant at Helena.” See 
p. 16. “Construction of the terminal elevator at Helena was 
started in March 1963 and was ready to receive soybeans 
at harvest during September. The crushing plant was begin 
during November 1963, and began processing soybeans on 
July 4, 1964.”
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 9. Arkansas 
Grain Corporation (Helena, Arkansas, 1965).
 Talk with Tommy Miller of Riceland Foods, Soybean 
Processing Div. 2005. July 25. Riceland sold this plant in 
1984 to Quincy Soybean Co., which was acquired by ADM 
in about 1998-2001. ADM shut down the plant in about 
2003.
366. Dannen Mills Div., Farmers Union Cooperative 
Marketing Association. 1964. To buy or sell grain or 
ingredients... Dial Dannen! (Ad). Soybean Digest. Sept. p. 
63.
• Summary: A photo in this quarter-page ad shows a rotary-
dial telephone. In the center is printed: “Farmers Union 
CMA–Dannen.” Three phone numbers are given: St. Joseph, 
Missouri: 816 AD3-6161. Denver, Colorado: 303-534-0649. 
CMA, Kansas City, Missouri: 816-VI2-5781. “Dannen 
market specialists can help you buy or sell at the best prices. 
Soybean, cottonseed, linseed meal–grain–ﬁ sh and meat 
products–mill feeds, seeds, fertilizer–feed sugar, molasses.
 “Dannen Mills Div., Grain & Jobbing Section, St. 
Joseph, Missouri.” Address: St. Joseph, Missouri.

=== PAGE 118 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   118
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
367. Arkansas Grain Corporation. 1964. New plant triples 
Arkansas Grain’s capacity to serve world soybean markets: 
Modern facilities at Helena and Stuttgart can process 83,000 
bushels per day! (Ad). Soybean Digest. Oct. p. 26-27.
• Summary: “Production is underway at our new plant 
near Helena, Arkansas on the mighty Mississippi [river]... 
The two plants give Arkansas Grain Corporation a storage 
capacity of 22 million bushels.” The company makes: 
50% protein soybean meal. 44% protein soybean meal. 
Soybean mill run. Lecithin. Degummed soybean oil. Reﬁ ned 
soybean oil. Fully reﬁ ned & deodorized soybean salad oil. 
An illustration (architect’s drawing) shows an aerial view 
of the new plant, and the company logo. Address: Stuttgart, 
Arkansas. Phone: 501 WAbash 2-5691.
368. Soybean Digest. 1964. Arkansas Grain opens new plant 
at Helena. Oct. p. 13-15.
• Summary: This huge, modern facility just south of Helena, 
Arkansas, is a “new symbol of agricultural progress.” It “is 
the largest soybean processing structure built at one time and 
is, in every respect, a model operation.”
 “The terminal elevator adjacent to the crushing plant 
has a storage capacity in excess of 5 million bushels. It is 
of monolithic concrete construction. The modern extraction 
plant has a crushing capacity of 50,000 bushels in a three-
shift, 24-hour day.”
 With the addition of the Helena plant, the Arkansas 
Grain Corporation, headquartered in Stuttgart, Arkansas, 
“now operates two ultra-modern soybean processing plants 
with a daily crushing capacity in excess of 83,000 bushels. 
Backing up these plants are 50 elevators operated by 18 
afﬁ liates that receive, dry, condition and store the soybeans, 
shipping them to the Helena or Stuttgart plants as needed.”
 Arkansas Grain Corp. has grown dramatically “since 
it was organized in 1958 by members of the Arkansas Rice 
Growers Cooperative Association, which has been serving 
rice farmers in Arkansas since 1921.” Originally, the 
Arkansas Grain Corp. marketed only raw soybeans. Then a 
soybean processing plant was built at Stuttgart, Arkansas, 
and put into operation during October 1960. Initially, the 
plant produced on soybean meal and crude soybean oil, but 
from 1961 to 1963 additional equipment was installed to 
make lecithin, pellets, and reﬁ ned soybean oils.
 “Construction of the terminal elevator at Helena was 
started in March 1963 and was ready to receive soybeans 
at harvest during September. The crushing plant was begin 
during November 1963, and began processing soybeans on 
July 4, 1964.”
 Photos show: (1) Plant manager Bill Higginbottom 
standing in front of the 108 towering concrete soybean 
storage tanks. (2) An aerial view of the mammoth soybean 
storage and processing facility recently completed at Helena, 
Arkansas. In the background is the Mississippi River. (3) 
The aspirator, which completes separation of the hulls from 
the soybeans. (4) Lab assistant Dick Bass in the plant’s 
modern lab, performing tests. (5) Portrait of L.C. Carter, vice 
president and general manager.
369. Soybean Digest. 1964. Soybean Council of America, 
Inc.: Pogeler new Council head. Oct. p. 31.
• Summary:  Glenn H. Pogeler, manager of the North Iowa 
Soybean Cooperative in Mason City, Iowa, for the past 21 
years, has been named president of the Soybean Council 
of America, Inc. He replaces Howard L. Roach, who will 
become chairman of the Council’s board of directors. Mr. 
Roach had held the ofﬁ ce since the Council was founded in 
1956. The Council has ofﬁ ces in 15 foreign countries, and 
headquarters in Waterloo, Iowa. Ferenc Molnar will continue 
as the Council’s executive vice president.
 “Mr. Pogeler, age 49, has been in the grain business 
since 1934. He became manager of the North Iowa 
Cooperative Processing Association in 1943. This 
organization became the North Iowa Soybean Cooperative 
in 1962. He has been a member of the board of directors of 
the National Soybean Processors Association for 17 years 
[i.e., since 1947] and is past chairman of the board of that 
organization.”
 Photos show (p. 31-32): (1) Portrait photo of Glenn 
Pogeler. (2) “Soya emblem lit the Soybean Council stand 
beautifully at the Samsun Black Sea National Fair in Turkey 
at night and attracted thousands of visitors. From 10,000 
to 20,000 people visited the SBC exhibit daily to obtain 
information on soybean oil, receive pamphlets describing 
the nutritive value of soybean oil, and sample French-fried 
potatoes.”
 (3) “An enthusiastic welcome was extended to Miss 
Yoshiko Kojima, assistant to the managing director, Japanese 
American Soybean Institute, Tokyo, by Dr. Fred R. Marti, 
Soybean Council director for international operations, during 
her recent visit to the Rome ofﬁ ce of the Soybean Council.”
 (4) “Thousands of visitors sampled potato chips deep-
fat-fried in soybean oil at the 33rd International Trade Fair at 
Izmir [just west of Anatolia, Turkey]. They received leaﬂ ets 


=== PAGE 119 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   119
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
entitled, ‘Soybean Oil in the Service of Housewives,’ which 
emphasized the economy and nutritional value of soybean 
oil.”
 Note 1. This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
that mentions the North Iowa Soybean Cooperative, or that 
says it was ﬁ rst given this name in 1962.
 Note 2. This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
that mentions Glenn Pogeler in connection with or as the 
new head of the Soybean Council of America.
370. Soybean Digest. 1964. From soybeans to hydrogenated 
oil at Honeymead. Nov. p. 6, 8-9.
• Summary: In April 1964 Honeymead began producing 
hydrogenated soybean oil at its plant in Mankato, Minnesota. 
It has a rated capacity of 240,000 pounds of “hardened” oil 
per day; this oil (which is solid at room temperature) is sold 
to makers of shortening and margarine.
 Normally, the oil is removed from the soybeans at one 
plant, then it is reﬁ ned at another, and hydrogenated at a 
third. Honeymead Products Co. is one of the ﬁ rst ﬁ rms in the 
USA to combine these three processes into one continuous 
operation. The process and storage are described in detail. 
Two large photos show the outside of the plant, seven 
small photos show the inside, and a ﬁ nal one shows Lowell 
Andreas and George Walker watching a tankcar being steam 
cleaned. Each tankcar holds 60,000 lb of the hardened oil. 
Honeymead has two stations for loading hardened soybean 
oil, and seven for loading regular soybean oil.
371. Soybean Digest. 1965. Grits and ﬂ akes... from the world 
of soy: C.M. Gregory, leading Iowa processor, gone. Jan. p. 
22.
• Summary: “Clifford M. Gregory, 51, manager of the 
Farmers Cooperative Co., Dike, Iowa, elevator and processor 
of soybeans, for 26 years,... died at his home at Dike Nov. 30 
after a lengthy illness. Burial was at Dike.” A portrait photo 
shows Gregory.
372. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1965. Honeymead 
enters ﬁ eld of hydrogenation processing: One of largest 
processors. Feb. 26. p. 4B. Business section.
• Summary: In 1964 Honeymead started hydrogenating 
soybean oil at its plant in Mankato. The compact plant can 
produce enough hydrogenated oil to ﬁ ll four tank cars per 
day and can be operated by a single man, thanks to remote 
control panels designed by Honeymead engineers. A large 
photo shows the hydrogenation plant.
373. Nakamura, Hiroshi; Hieronymus, Thomas A. 1965. 
Structure of the soybean processing industry. Illinois 
Agricultural Experiment Station, Bulletin No. 706. 84 p. Feb. 
[36 ref]
• Summary: An outstanding history and analysis of the U.S. 
soybean crushing industry.
 Contents: Introduction. Growth and development of 
the soybean industry [excellent history]: Pioneering period 
(starting in 1911 with Herman Meyer in Seattle, and with 
A.E. Staley in 1922 in Decatur, Illinois), tariff problem (in 
June 1930 the Smoot-Hawley Tariff was passed giving high 
tariff protection to U.S. soybeans, soybean oil, and soybean 
meal), rapid growth (starting in 1935), postwar period (“In 
1948 there were 185 [crushing] plants with a capacity of 
about 200 million bushels.” During the 1950s, the soybean 
crush increased by more than 50%), expanding markets 
for soybean products (“Soybeans produce nearly twice as 
much meal per pound of oil as cottonseed and safﬂ ower, 
and about three times as much as peanuts,...”) (utilization of 
soybean oil, nonfood uses–as in soap and paint, food uses–
especially soybean oil, exports–especially soy oil to Europe, 
utilization of soybean meal–as feed for livestock and poultry, 
technological development), expanding soybean production 
(total acreage, geographical distribution of soybean acreage, 
development of soybean varieties, yields and production, 
government farm programs affecting soybean production), 
location of soybean processing plants (U.S. Census of 
Manufacturers 1939, 1951-1952 industry survey, 1954 
situation, 1957-58 situation), capacity and mill operations.
 Cost analysis of soybean processing: Yields and 
processing costs by types of operation (processing costs of 
different types of operation, economic advantage of solvent 
extraction, economies of scale in the soybean processing 
industry, changes in levels of processing costs, processing 
costs and revenue, effects of economies of scale).
 Analysis of processing margins: Processing margins for 
the industry and individual mills (deﬁ nition of processing 
margins, annual variations in processing margins, seasonal 
variations in processing margins, determination of processing 
margins for individual mills), processing margins and net 
returns (importance of operational factors, proﬁ tability of 
processing operations by area).
 Locational analysis of soybean processing: Economics 
of plant location (processing of soybeans in transit, effect of 
transit on soybean processors, location of soybean processing 
plants {Decatur, Illinois; New Orleans, Louisiana}), 
transportation by barge and truck (competition among 
railroads, barge, and truck), effects of pricing system in the 
industry (pricing of soybean products), competitive position 
of processing plants by area.
 Causes and effects of business integration in the 
industry: Types of integration, causes of integration (vertical 
integration in meal, vertical integration in oil, vertical 
integration in soybean acquisition, horizontal integration in 
processing operations, processing of other oilseeds), effects 
of integration.
 Summary and probable trends.
 Tables: (1) Quantity of soybean processed by method 
of extraction, annual 1936-49, 1951, 1952, 1956, and 1957, 
year beginning October. (2) Changes in harvested acreages 

=== PAGE 120 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   120
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
of soybeans and other selected crops [corn, cotton, hay, oats, 
wheat], Corn Belt, South, and total U.S., selected years, 
1949-1960. (3) Geographical distribution of U.S. soybean 
processing plants, 1950-61. (4) Estimated processing 
capacity and quantities of soybeans processed in ﬁ ve major 
soybean states, and all others, 1951-52, 1957-58, 1960-61. 
(5) Yields of oil and meal by method of processing, and 
combined value from a bushel of soybeans, 1947-52.
 (6) Price ratio of soybean oil to meal, averages 1931-35, 
1936-40, 1941-45, and annual 1946-60 crop years (the ratio 
peaked at 6.54 in 1946-47). (7) Processing costs per bushel 
of soybeans by type of operation, 1951-52 and 1952-53. 
(8) Operating margins according to type and size of mills. 
Solvent, expeller and screw press, hydraulic. Large, medium, 
small. (9) Distribution of processing costs, solvent oil mills 
by size of mill, 1952-53 season. (10) Changes in levels of 
processing costs per bushel of soybeans (300 tons per day 
solvent plant).
 (11) Calculated costs and returns of solvent soybean 
oil mills by size of mill, 1951-54 average. For 11 mill sizes 
(in thousands of bushels per year annual capacity) gives: 
Investment per bushel, total cost per bushel, gross revenue 
per bushel, net revenue (proﬁ t) per bushel, return per dollar 
of investment (the bigger the mill, the higher the return per 
dollar). A mill with annual capacity of 11 million bushels 
per year returns 13.2% per dollar invested. (12) Price spread 
between the value of products per bushel of soybeans 
crushed and farm price of soybeans, 1947-61. (13) Average 
processing margins in the soybean industry, monthly and 
season average, 1951-60, cents per bushel of soybeans 
processed. Highest in Sept., lowest in May. Ten year average 
35.5 cents. (14) Yields [in pounds] of oil and meal per short 
ton [2,000 lb] of soybeans processed, speciﬁ ed states and 
U.S. average, 1959-61 crop years. Also gives average yields 
of oil and meal per bushel, 1959-61 average for each of the 
10 states + other states. (15) Average processing margins for 
Illinois processors, monthly and season average, 1951-60, 
cents per bushel of soybeans processed.
 (16) Transportation costs in cents per bushel of soybeans 
under nontransit, as compared to the cost of transporting 
equivalent quantities of oil and meal under transit from 
Decatur, Illinois, to speciﬁ ed markets, 1946 and 1962. 
The markets are Boston (Massachusetts), New York City, 
Baltimore (Maryland), New Orleans (Louisiana), Los 
Angeles (California), Seattle (Washington). (17) Average 
price of soybean meal at speciﬁ ed markets, dollars per short 
ton, bulk, 1956-60. (18) Farm prices of soybeans in speciﬁ ed 
states, 1956-60 crop years, dollars per bushel. (19) Soybean 
processing margins in speciﬁ c states, 1956-60, cents per 
bushel of soybeans processed. (20) Average freight rates 
paid on soybean meal in state-to-state movement by Class 
I railroads in 1960, dollars per sort ton, bulk carload. Gives 
many states of origin and destination.
 (21) Average freight rates paid on soybean oil in state-
to-state movement by Class I railroads in 1960, dollars 
per sort ton, bulk carload. Gives many states of origin and 
destination. (22) Average freight rates paid on soybeans 
in state-to-state movement by Class I railroads in 1960, 
dollars per sort ton, bulk carload. Gives many states of 
origin and destination. (23) Integrated operations at soybean 
processing plants by state, 1950 and 1960. (24) Share of total 
shipments accounted for by largest companies in the soybean 
processing industry, 1958 and 1947.
 Graphs: (1, p. 31) Processing costs of solvent extraction 
plants by size in 1952-53. The larger the plant capacity, the 
lower the processing cost in cents per bushel. The plant 
capacity should be greater than 1.5 million bushels. The 
maximum plant capacity shown is 11 million bushels per 
year. (2, p. 37) Processing costs and return per dollar of 
investment for solvent extraction plants, by size in 1952-53.
 In 1939, according to the U.S. Census of Manufacturers, 
some 47 soybean processing plants were operating in the 
USA as follows: Illinois 14, Ohio 7, Iowa 6, and 20 in other 
states. By 1942 this number had increased to 79, with a 
total capacity of 106 million bushels, 71% of which was in 
the four largest soybean producing states of Illinois, Iowa, 
Indiana, and Ohio. By 1944 this number had increased to 
137 plants, with a total processing capacity of 172 million 
bushels, of which 81% was in the four states mentioned. 
In 1950 there were 251 plants crushing soybeans either 
exclusively or as part of their operations. Of this total 
number, 139 plants crushed only soybeans, and these plants 
were highly concentrated in the four states mentioned. In the 
early 1950s the total number of U.S. soybean plants began a 
long and fairly rapid decline (p. 15).
 In the case of cooperative processing plants, during 
and immediately after World War II, forward integration by 
cooperative country elevators was motivated primarily by 
the desire on the part of farmers to obtain soybean meal from 
their soybeans at a time of shortage of high protein livestock 
feeds (p. 77). Address: Dep. of Agricultural Economics, 
Univ. of Illinois.
374. American Soybean Association. 1965. Soybean Digest 
Blue Book Issue. Hudson, Iowa: American Soybean Assoc. 
176 p. Index. Advertisers’ index. 22 cm.
• Summary: The title page of this year’s Blue Book states: 
“Blue Book issue. V ol. 25. March, 1965. No. 6.” Note 1. This 
is the earliest issue seen in which the Blue Book takes the 
place of one issue of Soybean Digest. The term “Blue Book 
Issue” appeared on the cover and title page of each annual 
Blue Book from March 1965 to March 1972.
 This is also the earliest Blue Book issue seen with a 
regular index (see p. 2, 4).
 And the earliest Blue Book issue seen with a section 
titled “Organizations afﬁ liated with the American Soybean 
Association.”
 Note 2. There were also issues of Soybean Digest in 

=== PAGE 121 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   121
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
March 1965, 1966, 1967 and thereafter; in these years, the 
Blue Book was published each March in addition to the 
March issue of Soybean Digest.
 In the section on “Soybean Processors” under Missouri 
is this entry: “St. Joseph 64502–Farmers Union Cooperative 
Marketing Assn., St. Joseph Div., P.O. Box 429. Mgr., 
John A. Dotson... Hexane solvent, capacity 700 tons. Grain 
storage. Soybean meal, mixed feeds and pellets. Served 
by MP [Missouri Paciﬁ c], CB&Q [Chicago, Burlington & 
Quincy], ATSF [Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe], RI [Rock 
Island], CGW [Chicago Great Western], and UP [Union 
Paciﬁ c] Railroads.”
 Note 3. This is the earliest entry seen in the Blue Book 
for the company that in June 1968 became part of Far-Mar-
Co. Address: Hudson, Iowa.
375. Soybean Digest. 1965. Missouri champion has a 59.3 
bushel yield. March. p. 20.
• Summary: “Champion and reserve champion of the ﬁ rst 
Missouri soybean yield contest were announced during the 
47th annual meeting of the Missouri Seed Improvement 
Association.
 “Championship honors went to Hockemier Brothers, 
Henrietta. They turned in a yield of 59.32 bushels per acre. 
The reserve champion is Francis Hicks and Sons, also of 
Henrietta, with a yield of 56.25 bushels per acre. The 1964 
average for soybean production in Missouri was 21.5 bushels 
per acre.
 “Other regional winners are: Region 2, John Nagle, 
Novelty, 50.81 bushels; Lynn Adkins Douglas, Edina, 45.74 
bushels. Region 4, Herald G. Barnes, Columbia, 32.59 
bushels; Walter Recker, Centralia, 18.8 bushels. Region 
5, Wallace E. Norton, and D.W. Sheat, both of Lamar, 
respective yields of 37.8 and 36.67. Region 6, Alton and 
Robert Pike, and Billy Jean, all of Caruthersville, respective 
yields of 42.42 and 36.35. No contestants were entered from 
Region 1.
 “Regional contest sponsors were MFA Seed Division, 
Marshall; MFA soybean oil mill, Mexico; Ruby Green Seed 
House, Kirksville; Semo Grain Co., Bell City.
 “The state contest was sponsored by the Missouri Seed 
Improvement Association, and the Missouri University 
extension division to, ‘promote the use of good seed, 
improve production and harvesting practices, and to 
encourage the development of new techniques in crop 
production for the betterment of Missouri agriculture.’”
 A photo shows: “Missouri champion and reserve 
champion. Left, A.E. Hockemeier, Henrietta, state champion 
with 59.32 bushels per acre. Francis Hicks, also of Henrietta, 
reserve champion with 56.25 bushels.” Each is holding a 
trophy.
376. Arkansas Grain Corporation. 1965. When you need 
these products... Look to this symbol (Ad). Soybean Digest. 
May. p. 2.
• Summary: “From two modern plants in Helena and 
Stuttgart, we are supplying top grade Arkansas Grain 
Corporation soybean products to the growing world markets. 
We would like the pleasure of serving you.” The company 
makes: 50% protein soybean meal. 44% protein soybean 
meal. Soybean mill run. Lecithin. Degummed soybean oil. 
Reﬁ ned soybean oil. Fully reﬁ ned & deodorized soybean 
salad oil.
377. Soybean Digest. 1965. [Dwayne O. Andreas named to 
advisory committee by President Johnson]. May. p. 47.
• Summary: Andreas, vice president of Farmers Union 
Grain Terminal Association (Minneapolis, Minnesota) has 
been “named by President Johnson as a member of a 14-
man advisory committee to make on-the-ground evaluations 
of U.S. foreign aid programs and to recommend steps to 
improve them.”
378. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1965. Sensational rescue 
affected at new Dawson water tank. 80(46):1. July 15.
• Summary: Two of the water tank painters were overcome 
by the fumes and intense heat in the tank located west of the 
soybean plant ofﬁ ce.
379. Big 4 Cooperative Processing Assn. 1965. 
Manufacturers of quality: Felco Soy Bean Meal. At your 
dealer (Ad). Soybean Digest. Sept. p. 30.
• Summary: A 1/8 page ad. “71% protein expeller type 
meal. 44% protein solvent type meal. 48½% protein hexane 
extracted meal.” Address: Sheldon, Iowa. Phone: (712) 324-
2531.
380. National Soybean Processors Association. 1965. Year 
book, 1965-1966 (Association year). Chicago, Illinois. 63 p.
• Summary: On the cover (but not the title page) is written: 
“Year Book and Trading Rules, 1965-1966.” Contents: 
Constitution and by-laws and code of ethics. Ofﬁ cers, 
directors and committees for 1965-66. Membership of the 
National Soybean Processors Association. Trading rules on 
soybean meal. Appendix to trading rules on soybean meal: 
Ofﬁ cial methods of analysis (moisture, protein, crude ﬁ ber, 
oil {only method numbers listed}, sampling of soybean 
meal {automatic sampler, probe sampler}). Trading rules 
on soybean oil. Deﬁ nitions of grade and quality of export 
oils. Tentative soybean lecithin speciﬁ cations. Appendix to 
trading rules on soybean oil: Uniform sales contract, grading 
soybean oil for color (N.S.P.A. tentative method), methods 
of analysis (A.O.C.S. ofﬁ cial methods): Soybean oil, crude; 
soybean oil, reﬁ ned; soybean oil, reﬁ ned and bleached; 
soybean oil for technical uses; soap stock, acidulated soap 
stock and tank bottoms (only method numbers listed).
 The section titled “Of ﬁ cers, directors, and committees” 
(p. 12-15) states: President: Robert G. Houghtlin. Secretary: 

=== PAGE 122 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   122
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
J.W. Moore. Treasurer: R.E. Fiedler. Executive Committee: 
L.W. Andreas, Chairman, Wilfred F. Carle, T.W. Bean, B.A. 
Townsend (term ending Sept. 1966). J.W. Moore, M.D. 
McVay, R.E. Fiedler, E.B. Copeland (term ending Sept. 
1967). R.G. Houghtlin.
 Board of Directors: Chairman of the board: L.W. 
Andreas. Vice chairman of the board: T.W. Bean. Immediate 
past chairman of the board: S.E. Cramer. (Term expiring 
Sept. 1966): R.A. Denman, Joe C. Givens, R.G. Golseth, 
Floyd E. Hiegel, H.D. Rissler, R.B. Williams. Term expiring 
Sept. 1967: T.J. Barlow, Elmer L. Buster, Elster B. Copeland, 
F.L. Morgan, H.R. Scroggs, B.A. Townsend. Term expiring 
Sept. 1968: Donald B. Walker -> Win Golden, Wilfred 
Carle, Arthur Frank, M.D. McVay, William King Self, 
Harry E. Wiysel. General counsel: Raymond, Mayer, Jenner 
& Block, Chicago, Illinois. Washington counsel: Sellers, 
Conner & Cuneo, DC. Washington representative: George 
L. Prichard, DC. Managing director, National Soybean Crop 
Improvement Council: Robert W. Judd, Urbana, Illinois.
 Standing committees: For each committee, the names 
of all members (with the chairman designated), with the 
company and company address of each are given–Trafﬁ c and 
transportation. Technical. Oil trading rules. Industrial oil. 
Lecithin. Meal trading rules. Uniform rules and standards for 
soybean meal. Crop improvement council. Soybean research 
council. Soybean grades and contracts. Safety and insurance. 
Regional: Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, and eastern 
Missouri; Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska, the Dakotas, Kansas, 
and Western Missouri; Mississippi River Delta Sections.
 The following organizations, and individuals are 
members of NSPA: Allied Mills, Inc., Chicago, Illinois; 
Taylorville, Illinois; Guntersville, Alabama. Archer-Daniels-
Midland Co., Minneapolis, Minnesota; Decatur, Illinois; 
Mankato, Minnesota; Fredonia, Kansas; Bloomington, 
Illinois. Arkansas Grain Corp., Soybean Division, Stuttgart, 
Arkansas (Wilfred F. Carle); Helena, Arkansas (W.E. 
Higginbotham). Big 4 Co-op. Processing Assn., Sheldon, 
Iowa (Kenneth J. McQueen). Buckeye Cotton Oil Div. 
of, The Buckeye Cellulose Corp., Cincinnati Ohio (R.B. 
Williams); Little Rock, Arkansas; Augusta, Georgia; 
Memphis, Tennessee. Cargill, Inc., Minneapolis, Minnesota 
(M.D. McVay, Jay Haymaker); Chicago, Illinois (Robert 
Cournoyer); Cedar Rapids, Iowa (C.W. Bohlander); Des 
Moines, Iowa (W.J. Wheeler); Fort Dodge, Iowa (George 
J. Cox); Sioux City, Iowa (A.L. Peterson), Washington, 
Iowa (William R. Matson); Wichita, Kansas (Ralph S. 
Moore); Memphis, Tennessee (Philip St. Clair); Norfolk, 
Virginia (D.H. Leavenworth). Central Soya Co., Inc., Fort 
Wayne, Indiana (B.A. Townsend); Decatur, Indiana (T.H. 
Alwein); Indianapolis, Indiana (R.E. Syster); Chicago, 
Illinois (Willard C. Lighter); Gibson City, Illinois (George 
R. Walter); Belmond, Iowa (J.R. Wright); Bellevue, Ohio 
(Harry Stokely); Marion, Ohio (Leroy Rich); Chattanooga, 
Tennessee (Jack Rosenberger). Delphos Soya Products 
Co., Delphos, Ohio (Floyd E. Hiegel). Delta Cotton Oil 
and Fertilizer Co., Jackson, Mississippi (Alfred Jenkins). 
Farmers Grain Dealers Assn. of Iowa (Cooperative) Soybean 
Processing Division, Mason City, Iowa (H.D. Rissler). 
Farmers Union C.M.A. [CMA], St. Joseph, Missouri 
(Arthur E. Frank). Fremont Cake & Meal Co., Fremont, 
Nebraska (Harry E. Wiysel). Galesburg Soy Products Co., 
Galesburg, Illinois (Max Albert & Regi Simon -> Elnathan 
Anderson, Box 711). General Vegetable Oil Co., Fort 
Worth, Texas (J.D. Morton). Gooch Milling & Elevator 
Co., Lincoln, Nebraska (M.R. Eighmy). Grain Processing 
Corp., Muscatine, Iowa (G.A. Kent, F.J. Prochaska, H.P. 
Woodstra). Honeymead Products Co., Mankato, Minnesota 
(L.W. Andreas, W.B. Cox, J.I. Maslon, C.T. Mullan, L.K. 
Rasmussen); Huegely Iowa Milling Co., Cedar Rapids, 
Iowa (Joe Sinaiko, Bob Scroggs, Les Liabo). Kansas Soya 
Products Co. (The), Emporia, Kansas (Elmer L. Buster). 
Lauhoff Grain Co., Danville, Illinois (Ralph G. Golseth, 
Loren R. Larrick, Laurie J. Slocum). Marshall Mills Co., 
Marshalltown, Iowa (J.B. Saccaro). Minnesota Linseed 
Oil Co., Minneapolis, Minnesota (R.J. Lindquist, Jr.). 
Mississippi Cottonseed Products Co., Jackson, Mississippi 
(H.E. Covington). Missouri Farmers Assn., Grain Div., 
Mexico, Missouri (Kermit F. Head). Owensboro Grain Co., 
Owensboro, Kentucky (William M. O’Bryan). Paymaster 
Oil Mill Co., Houston, Texas (T.J. Barlow, C.R. Bergstrom); 
Phoenix, Arizona (O.C. Harris); Jackson, Mississippi (John 
Bookhart). Perdue (A.W.) & Son, Salisbury, Maryland 
(Robert L. Brodey). Planters Industries, Inc., Rocky Mount, 
North Carolina (W.T. Melvin). Planters Manufacturing Co., 
Clarksdale, Mississippi (A.K. Shaifer). Quincy Soybean 
Products Co., Quincy, Illinois (Theodore W. Bean, John 
Franks). Ralston Purina Co., St. Louis, Missouri (Donald B. 
Walker, W.L. Golden); Kansas City, Missouri (A.V . Couch); 
Bloomington, Illinois (R.C. Witte); Decatur, Illinois (R.E. 
Baer); Lafayette, Indiana (A. Hardy); Iowa Falls, Iowa (W. 
Bower); Louisville, Kentucky (J. Gardner); Raleigh, North 
Carolina (J.L. Bumgardner); Memphis, Tennessee (J.K. 
Sartain). Riverside Oil Mill, Marks, Mississippi (William 
King Self). Sisketon, Missouri (P.B. Bartmess). Southern 
Cotton Oil Div., Hunt Foods and Industries, Inc., New 
Orleans, Louisiana (F.L. Morgan); Newport, Arkansas 
(Jerry Jeffrey); Macon, Georgia (M.S. Long); Greenville, 
Mississippi (M.D. Kolb); Goldsboro, North Carolina (W.W. 
Davis). Southern Soy Corp., Estill, South Carolina (R.A. 
Denman). Southern Soya Corp. of Cameron, Cameron, 
South Carolina (Charles Everett Bullard). Staley (A.E.) 
Manufacturing Co., Decatur, Illinois (J.W. Moore, E.C. 
Lane, H.E. Lents); Painesville, Ohio (D.J. Hopkins). Swift 
& Co., Chicago, Illinois (Scott E. Cramer, W.W. Moore). 
Townsends, Inc., Millsboro, Delaware (P.C. Townsend). 
Tri-County Co-op Soybean Assn., Dawson, Minnesota (Joe 
C. Givens). West Tennessee Soya Mill, Inc., Tiptonville, 
Tennessee (Tyler Terrett). Yazoo Valley Oil Mill, Inc., 

=== PAGE 123 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   123
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Greenwood, Mississippi (N.F. Howard).
 Associate Members: American Feed Stores Home 
Organization, Inc., Minneapolis, Minnesota. Anderson 
Clayton & Co., Foods Div., Dallas, Texas. Armour & Co., 
Chicago, Illinois (Harry K. Bean [crossed out]). Capital City 
Products Co., Div. of Stokely-Van Camp, Inc., Columbus, 
Ohio. Cereales y Concentrados, Mexico City, Mexico 
(Francis Tovar [crossed out]). Colchester Processing 
Co., East St. Louis, Illinois [crossed out]. Cooperative 
Mills Inc., Baltimore, Maryland. Corn Products Co., New 
York City, New York (R.W. List). General Mills, Inc., 
Kankakee, Illinois (Gerald G. Wilson) [handwritten in]. 
Grasas Vegetales, S.A., Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico (Mr. 
Collighon) [handwritten in]. Greendale Soy Products, Inc., 
Kinmundy, Illinois (Elwin G. Ingram) [handwritten in]. 
Glidden Co. (The), Durkee Famous Foods, Div., Chicago, 
Illinois (Gerald J. Daleiden). Hartsville Oil Mill, Hartsville, 
South Carolina (Edgar H. Lawton, Jr.). Huegely Elevator 
Co., Nashville, Illinois (J.W. Huegely). HumKo Products–
Div. of National Dairy Products Co., Memphis, Tennessee 
(Sam Cooper). Kraft Foods Div. of National Dairy Products 
Corp., Chicago, Illinois (G.M. Gibson). Lever Bros Co., 
New York City, New York. Maple Leaf Mills Ltd., Toronto, 
Ontario, Canada (W.G. Milliken) [handwritten in]. Nebraska 
Consolidated Mills Co., Omaha, Nebraska [crossed out]. 
Paciﬁ c Vegetable Oil Corp., San Francisco, California. 
Procter & Gamble Co. (The), Cincinnati, Ohio. Quaker 
Oats Co. (The), Chicago, Illinois. Spencer Kellogg Div. of 
Textron Inc., Buffalo, New York. Supersweet Foods Div., 
International Milling Co., Minneapolis, Minnesota. Valley 
Mills, Vicksburg, Mississippi. Wesson Div., Hunt Foods and 
Industries, Inc., Fullerton, California. Ralph Wells & Co., 
Monmouth, Illinois (Willis H. Wells). Address: 3818 Board 
of Trade Building, Chicago 4, Illinois.
381. Product Name:  Bac*O’s (Meatless Fried Bacon Bits 
from Spun Soy Protein Fiber).
Manufacturer’s Name:  General Mills, Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Date of Introduction:  1965 December.
Wt/Vol., Packaging, Price:  Frozen or dried (3.25 oz jar).
New Product–Documentation:  Ziemba. 1966. Food 
Engineering. 38(4):58-60. April. “Create new foods with 
textured soy proteins.” General Mills is test marketing this 
product as Bacon Bits (as garnish or condiment) in Bac-O-
Chips for the institutional trade and Bac*Os under the Betty 
Crocker consumer label. GMI has registered these textured 
meat analogs under the name Bontrae. They are made from 
spun soy protein ﬁ bers. “These spun monoﬁ brils are then 
blended with supplementary ingredients (fats, egg solids, 
sugars, etc.), binders, ﬂ avors, and colors. They are then 
cooked (to heat-set) and shipped frozen (55 to 60% moisture) 
or dried (2% moisture). A.D. Odell is manager of the GMI 
Isolated Protein Program. A photo shows the label of a jar of 
Betty Crocker Bac*Os. “New. Net wt. 3.25 oz. Say ‘BAY-
kôz. Crispy bits with a ﬂ avor like smoke-cured bacon. High 
in vegetable protein.”
 Ziemba. 1966. Food Engineering. May. p. 82-91. “Let 
soy proteins work wonders for you.” Business Week. 1966. 
July 23. p. 82-87. “Soybeans move up on the menu.”
 David Sanford. 1968. New Republic. May 18. p. 13-
15. “Unfoods: Do you know what you’re eating?” Indicates 
that test marketing of Bac*Os in Denver, Buffalo, and 
Sacramento began in about Dec. 1966 and that they are about 
to be advertised nationally. The label now reads “Bac*Os–
Crispy Bontrae bits with a ﬂ avor like bacon.” They are made 
with spun soy protein isolate ﬁ bers.
Soybean Digest Blue Book. 1969. p. 114, 112. Bac*O’s 
are made from spun soy protein ﬁ ber. Company is at 9000 
Plymouth Ave. N., Minneapolis, Minnesota 55427. Head 
ofﬁ ce at 9200 Wayzata Blvd., Minneapolis. American 
Soybean Assoc. 1974? “Soybeans: From America’s fertile 
soils the world’s versatile protein resource.” A photo shows 
the jar.
 Talk with Pam Becker of General Mills in Minneapolis 
(Phone: 612-540-2470). 1989. Dec. 13. She reads from 
an undated internal company publication compiled by the 
Consumer Relations Dept. and titled “Consumer Foods 
Products Information.” This product was introduced to test 
markets in December 1965. The introduction was the result 
of extensive R&D work which began in the late 1950s. 
Foreseeing the future problem of increased worldwide 
malnutrition, General Foods acquired a patent license for 
a process then only in the initial stages of development to 
spin soy protein ﬁ bers (like the techniques used for Nylon 
or Rayon) into a ﬁ brous material similar in form and 
consistency to meat. The ﬁ bers were combined with such 
binding ingredients as egg albumen and wheat gluten with 
oils, ﬂ avors, and dies to produce a high protein food. After 
considerable consumer research, the decision was made 
to ﬁ rst market isolated soy protein in the form of bacon 
(Bac*O’s). Bacon was a popular food with consumers but 
was considered to be expensive and often a nuisance to 
prepare. In Dec. 1965 Bac*O’s was test marketed in Buffalo 
and Syracuse (New York), Sacramento, Stockton, and Fresno 
(California), and Denver (Colorado). It was extremely 
convenient, required no cooking or refrigeration, and there 
was no waste. It contained 67% more protein, 42% less fat, 
and 19% fewer calories than bacon. It contained no animal 
or meat fat and was kosher. 1 tablespoon (¼ oz.) contained 
35 calories, 2 gm of fat, 3.6 gm of protein and no cholesterol. 
It was sold in glass jars. A variety of recipes were developed 
with the crispy vegetable protein bits including egg dishes, 
salads, and sandwiches. It was expanded out of test market to 
all areas but the West Coast in 1968, and it became available 
nationally in Dec. 1969.
 In 1983 Bac*O’s was reformulated to improve ﬂ avor 
and color. It had a less salty, milder, and less smoky ﬂ avor. 

=== PAGE 124 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   124
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
In March 1985 Bac*O Bits were introduced nationally. They 
were smaller sized pieces which could be used as a more 
subtle seasoning.
 Dawson Foods bought the Bontrae spinning line, plus 
exclusive rights to General Mills soy isolate and patented 
spinning technology, equipment, and frozen spun products 
marketed to food processors and institutional customers. 
Central Soya got a long term leasing and licensing agreement 
for exclusive rights to General Mills’ patented steam textured 
vegetable protein technology, equipment, and products to 
market to institutional customers and food processors. The 
company archivist, who knows history well, is Jean Toll (X-
2679).
 Seventh-day Adventist Dietetic Assoc. 1975. Diet 
Manual, Utilizing a Vegetarian Diet Plan. 4th ed. p. 174. 
The ingredients in “BacO’s (General Mills)” are soy protein, 
vegetable oil, salt, HVP, sugar, dried egg white, artiﬁ cial 
ﬂ avor, artiﬁ cial color.
382. Brandemuhl, William. 1965. Soybean utilization in 
Japan. San Francisco, California. xxii + 478 p. Unpublished 
manuscript. Illust. No index. 28 cm. [189 ref]
• Summary: A superb, in-depth, pioneering study, based 
on extensive original ﬁ eld research in Japan. It is carefully 
documented with hundreds of original interviews and 
published sources properly cited in two different lists of 
sources (numerical and alphabetical) Contains 30 tables and 
190 excellent photos–including 7 of the author.
 Table of contents: Preface. Notes. List of tables. List 
of ﬁ gures. Map. Part I: Background. 1. The soybean: Birth 
and spread (legend, botanical inception, Nagata’s theory of 
origin, spread to Japan and beyond, the American story).
 Part II: Japan’s production and supply of soybeans. 1. 
Japan the country and supply of domestic soybeans (Japan 
the country, domestic soybean production, planting and 
harvesting, marketing domestic soybean). 2. Importation of 
Red Chinese soybeans (background, mechanics, advantages, 
and prospects). 3. Importation of U.S. soybeans (history, 
method and mechanics of importation, the American 
shippers, concluding comments on importation). 4. 
Distribution (use in brief, super-wholesaler, wholesaler, 
retailer wholesaler, Japan’s grain exchange).
 Part III: Soybean utilization in Japan. 1. Utilization of 
soybeans for oil and meal (oil crushing history, soybean 
source, delivery of soybeans, the crushing industry, 
liberalization of soybean oil and meal, oil utilization in 
Japan, meal utilization in Japan). 2. Tofu (history, use 
of soybeans, manufacture, the tofu factory, marketing 
tofu products, recently developed tofu products, tofu as 
food, concluding comments). 3. Miso (importation, home 
production of miso, quantity of miso produced, soybean 
used for producing miso, kinds of miso, fermentation 
time, comparison of miso ﬁ rms, manufacturing, packing 
and marketing, price, instant miso, use of miso, miso 
consumption outlook). 4. Shoyu (introduction, production 
and manufacturers, manufacture, raw materials, preparation 
of raw materials for natural shoyu, preparation of materials 
for chemical method shoyu, preparation of materials for 
mixed method shoyu, fermentation, ﬁ ltering and pressing, 
sterilization, bottling, price, use of shoyu, miscellaneous 
shoyu products, concluding comments). 5. Natto 
(description, history, Daitokuji natto, the natto industry, 
consumption, natto soybeans, processing, making cost and 
price, marketing, use of natto, problems, new ideas and natto 
products). 6. Frozen tofu (history, development, frozen tofu 
soybeans, processing, freezing, defrosting, drying, treatment 
with ammonia and packing, marketing, preservation, use). 7. 
Kinako. 8. Yuba (history and development, the plight of the 
yuba industry, soybeans for yuba, manufacture, classiﬁ cation 
of yuba, use). 9. Tsukudani and nimame (description, 
soybean tsukudani, nimame). 10. Hamanatto (history, 
manufacture, use). 11. Edamame. 12. Moyashi [bean sprouts] 
(manufacture, use). 11. Miscellaneous products (fermented 
soybean curd, MSG–monosodium glutamate, confectionary 
products {roasted soybeans for Setsubun, soybean candy, 
isonori, mameheto, shinseimame, suhama}, other products). 
Conclusion. Sources (numerically arranged). Sources 
(alphabetically arranged).
 Tables: 1. U.S. soybean production, 1924-1963. 2. 
United States, Red China, and world production of soybeans 
(bushels), 1950-1963. 3. U.S. soybean importation, 
exportation and amount processed for oil and meal, 1924-
1963. 4. U.S. exportation of soybeans (1,000 bushels) 
total, by continent, and to six largest importing countries, 
1958-1962. 5. Japan’s soybean acreage, production, and 
merchandising rate. 6. Japan’s importation of soybeans, 
total, and Red China’s portion, 1945-1963. 7. Japan’s total 
importation of soybeans and U.S. portion, 1945-1963. 8. 
Soybean usage in Japan, 1963. 9. Japan’s processing of 
oilseeds, 1963. 10. Crushing capacity of selected Japanese 
oilseed crushers. 11. Eight largest crushers of soybeans 
and amount of soybeans crushed per month in 1963. 12. 
Total quantity of soybeans crushed in Japan, 1950-1963. 
13. Japan’s daily per capita intake of edible fats and oils. 
14. Japan’s consumption of edible fats and oils, 1945-1961. 
15. Use of soybean meal. 16. Chemical composition of tofu 
and aburaage. 17. Quantity of soybeans and soybean meal 
used for tofu-aburaage productions (all Japan), 1950-1963. 
18. Miso production and quantity of soybeans and soybean 
meal used, 1950-1963. 19. Composition of miso. 20. Daily 
per capita consumption of miso in Japan, 1950-1963. 21. All 
Japan production of shoyu and use of soybeans and soybean 
meal, 1950-1963. 22. Composition of shoyu. 23. Yearly per 
capita consumption of shoyu, 1950-1963. 24. Composition 
of natto. 25. Production of frozen tofu and use of soybeans. 
26. Composition of frozen tofu. 27. Yearly per capita 
consumption of frozen tofu. 28. Composition of kinako. 29. 
Composition of yuba. 30. Monosodium glutamate production 

=== PAGE 125 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   125
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
and use of soybeans and soybean meal. Continued.
 This typed manuscript was sent to Soyfoods Center in 
July 2004 by Tomoko Brandemuhl, the wife of the author. 
About the author (based on several interviews with Tomoko, 
July 2004): William Victor Brandemuhl was born on 30 Nov. 
1940 at Iron Mountain, Michigan. He grew up in Florence, 
Wisconsin, then attended the University of Wisconsin at 
Madison. He roomed for 3-4 years with various Japanese 
cancer researchers at the university. He also became close 
to Tomoko Arai (born 12 Dec. 1937 in Tokyo), a Japanese 
woman, who was doing graduate studies in social work 
there as a Rotary International Fellowship student. William 
initially intended to graduate in June 1962, but stayed an 
extra year in order to pursue independent studies in Japanese 
language and soybeans. He became interested in the soybean 
and its history in an anthropology class taught by Dr. R.J. 
Miller; William ﬁ nished his excellent research paper on 
soybeans in Jan. 1963. He also took one year of Japanese 
language instruction (night classes). William graduated in 
Jan. 1963 with a BSc degree in economics.
 William obtained a grant (no strings attached) from 
Honeymead Products Co. of Mankato, Minnesota, to study 
soybean utilization in Japan. Only one American had studied 
this subject in Japan after World War II–Allan K. Smith of 
the USDA, who visited Japan and wrote short but detailed 
reports in 1948-49 and 1958. In Jan. 1963 Brandemuhl 
arrived in Japan and became a research fellow at the 
Department of Agricultural Economics, Kyoto University, 
Kyoto, Japan. Between Feb. 1963 and May 1964 (15 
months) he conducted ﬁ eld research on soybean utilization 
in Japan. In June 1963 (after William had been in Japan for 4 
months), Tomoko completed her graduate studies, graduated 
from the University of Wisconsin, and (since her scholarship 
was ﬁ nished), returned to Japan–to be with William and 
to help him with his research in Japanese, which he spoke 
only moderately well. She traveled with him throughout 
Japan and translated for him during the many interviews he 
conducted. At each destination, she spoke about America to 
the local Rotary club–which paid her transportation, room, 
and board. William’s monthly check from Honeymead paid 
for his room and board–but not for his travel and research, 
so he had to work part time doing English translation for a 
Japanese company. On trips, he took many photos using his 
expensive Nikon camera. Tomoko’s family lived near Kobe, 
where she and William were married on 8 Aug. 1964–three 
months after he ﬁ nished his ﬁ eld research. Several days after 
the marriage, they returned to the USA to visit his parents in 
Florence, Wisconsin, and enjoy a wedding party there.
 William now knew he wanted to pursue a career in 
international business. He was soon offered a job at Crocker 
Citizen National Bank (International Division) in San 
Francisco, California. They drove to San Francisco and got 
an apartment at 1701 21st Avenue; he began work that fall, 
and was soon learning the basics of international business. 
Every evening after work at the bank he returned home to 
work on transforming his ﬁ eld notes into a manuscript. As 
he wrote the rough draft, Tomoko (a skilled pianist but not a 
skilled typist) typed it on a manual typewriter. The next day 
he would correct any mistakes and she would retype each 
page into ﬁ nal form. In 1965 he had the best carbon copy 
bound and sent it to Honeymead; he kept the original. It was 
never published and he received no academic credit for it.
 On 26 May 1966 their ﬁ  rst son and only child, Konrad 
Victor Brandemuhl, was born in San Francisco. They bought 
a house in Paciﬁ ca. In 1967 he was offered a job with 
Caterpillar Tractor Co. (International Div.) in Peoria, Illinois. 
In 1968 he moved with his boss to work at Allis-Chalmers 
Manufacturing Co., West Allis, Wisconsin. In 1969 he was 
transferred to Tokyo, Japan, as Far East Representative of 
the company. In 1970 he was transferred to Singapore as Far 
East Manager of the company.
 William and Tomoko later lived for about 10 years 
near Tokyo, Japan (mostly in Mitaka), and for a while in 
Singapore. Over the years he showed his typescript on 
“Soybean Utilization in Japan” to many people, but nobody 
was interested. In 1986 he started his own trading company, 
specializing in textiles, natural rubber, latex thread, and 
various machine mechanisms. Tragically, William died on 
2 April 1998 in Bangkok, Thailand, of pneumonia, during 
a business trip. He loved the excitement of international 
business and interaction with people of different cultural 
backgrounds. Address: San Francisco, California.
383. Fite, Gilbert C. 1965. Farm to factory: A history of the 
Consumers Cooperative Association. Columbia, Missouri: 
University of Missouri Press. viii + 288 p. Illust. Index. 25 
cm. [634* footnotes]
• Summary: This organization was founded in 1929 
by Howard A. Cowden as the Union Oil Company 
(Cooperative) in 1929. The general purpose of the new 
company was to deal in, handle, and distribute petroleum 
and various products and by-products and to purchase, lease, 
build, construct, maintain and operate warehouses, ﬁ lling 
stations, pumping plants, compounding plants, reﬁ neries, and 
all other appliances and conveniences for use in connection 
with the manufacturing, purchase and sale of gasoline, 
petroleum, lubricating oils and all other petroleum and oil 
products.” In 1931 the company was incorporated in Kansas. 
In 1935 it became Consumers Cooperative (CCA) to reﬂ ect 
expansion into other products.
 Chapter 1, titled “Farm problems and the cooperative 
movement, 1865-1920,” contains a good history of the 
cooperative movement. In 1966, shortly after publication of 
this book, it became Farmland Industries, Inc. An updated 
history titled Beyond the Fence Rows: A History of Farmland 
Industries, Inc., 1929-78, by the same author, was published 
in 1978.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (March 2006) 

=== PAGE 126 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   126
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
that describes the origins of Farmland Industries. However, 
neither Farmland Industries nor soy are mentioned. Address: 
Research Prof. of History, Univ. of Oklahoma.
384. Soybean Digest. 1966. Dwayne Andreas leaves Grain 
Terminal Assn. Feb. p. 59.
• Summary: “Resignation of Dwayne O. Andreas, who 
has been executive vice president of Farmers Union Grain 
Terminal Assn. (GTA), St. Paul. Minnesota, since 1960, has 
been announced.” He plans to devote more time to his other 
business interests.
 Mr. Andreas joined GTA when it acquired Honeymead 
Products Co. (Mankato, Minnesota), a soybean processor 
which was owned by Mr. Andreas and his brother, Lowell 
W. Andreas. Lowell will remain general manager of 
Honeymead. A portrait photo shows Dwayne Andreas.
385. Soybean Digest. 1966. [Dwayne O.] Andreas to ADM 
board. April. p. 37.
• Summary: “Election of Dwayne O. Andreas, Minneapolis 
[Minnesota] businessman, to the board of directors and the 
executive committee of Archer Daniels Midland Co. was 
announced at the board’s quarterly meeting. Mr. Andreas 
succeeds Walter G. Andrews, St. Paul, on the ADM board. 
Mr. Andrews, associated with ADM for 25 years, had 
submitted his resignation, saying he wishes to devote more 
time to his personal business enterprises. Mr. Andreas 
is chairman of the board of First Interoceanic Corp., a 
Minneapolis investment company. Until his resignation in 
early January he was executive vice president of the Farmers 
Union Grain Terminal Association, St. Paul.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (July 2020) 
concerning Dwayne Andreas or any of the Andreas brothers 
and ADM.
386. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmland Industries, Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Van Buren, Arkansas.
Date of Introduction:  1966 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. 
Soybeans, Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, 
Arizona: Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 69-75. On 1 
Sept. 1966 Consumer Cooperative Association was renamed 
Farmland Industries, Inc.
387. Soybean Digest. 1966. Honorary life members 
[American Soybean Assoc.]: D.W. McMillen and Dwayne O. 
Andreas. Sept. p. 6.
• Summary: “Dale W. McMillen, a pioneer in the soybean 
processing industry, demonstrated his belief in the future of 
the soybean by founding Central Soya at Decatur, Indiana, in 
the depression year of 1934 when he was 54 years of age.
 “He believed that soybean meal could become an 
important ingredient in animal feeds, and the founding of 
Central Soya to process soybeans and manufacture Master 
Mix feeds was his way of putting his belief into action.
 “Mr. McMillen was one of the ﬁ rst in the industry to 
take the major step in 1937 of converting from the expeller 
method of processing soybeans to the now universally 
accepted solvent extraction method of processing soybeans 
into meal and oil. For a company scarcely 3 years old, this 
was a courageous move.
 “In the late thirties, soybean meal had so little standing 
in the feed industry that one of Mr. McMillen’s ﬁ rst jobs 
was that of making soybean meal respectable. Through 
cooperative work with agricultural colleges, utilizing 
nutrition conferences for veterinarians and livestock feeders, 
Mr. McMillen and his staff helped dispel false ideas about 
soybean meal and give soybean meal the place it deserved in 
the nation’s feedlots. Mr. McMillen’s personal salesmanship 
and his continuing emphasis on improving the product 
through technological advances in processing techniques also 
contributed signiﬁ cantly to building a market for soybean 
meal, and thus for the soybean itself.
 “Now an active 86 years of age, Mr. McMillen has lived 
to see the soybean crop grow from 23 million bushels in 
1934 to a ﬁ gure approaching the 1-billion-bushel mark in 
1966.
 “Dwayne O. Andreas, of Excelsior, Minnesota, has 
had a lifelong association with the processing of soybeans. 
He believes he has been involved in planning, building, or 
actually operating about 30% of the soybean processing 
capacity of the nation at one time or another. Also, he has 
had a hand in the manufacture of almost every product made 
from soybeans.
 “Mr. Andreas was born on a farm near Worthington, 
Minnesota, and spent his early years on the farm. During his 
school years he worked in the family country elevator and 
seed business at Lisbon, Iowa.
 “From 1938 to 1945 he was principal executive of ﬁ cer 
of the family-owned company, Honeymead Products Co., 
which had soybean processing facilities at Cedar Rapids and 
Washington, Iowa.
 “From 1946 to 1952 he was vice president of Cargill, 
Inc., with soybean processing plants in Chicago, Illinois; 
Fort Dodge, Iowa; Springﬁ eld, Illinois; Savage, Minnesota; 
and Memphis, Tennessee.
 “From 1961-65, he was executive vice president of 
Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association, which owns a 
processing plant [Honeymead] at Mankato, Minnesota.
 “At present, Mr. Andreas is a member of the board of 
directors and the executive committee of Archer Daniels 
Midland Co., which has soybean processing plants at 
Bloomington, Galesburg and Decatur, Illinois; Fredonia, 
Kansas; and Mankato, Minnesota.
 “Mr. Andreas is also chairman of the board of directors 

=== PAGE 127 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   127
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
of First Interoceanic Corp., a privately owned investment 
company, Minneapolis; chairman of the executive 
committee, National City Bank of Minneapolis; and 
president of the Andreas Foundation, Minneapolis.”
 Photos show D.W. McMillen and Dwayne O. Andreas.
388. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1966. ‘63 Mankato 
soybean tank collapse not caused by blast, court rules. Oct. 
28.
• Summary: The Minnesota Supreme Court ruled today [to 
nobody’s surprise] that the rupture of a huge soybean oil 
storage tank at Honeymead Products Co. at Mankato in Jan. 
1963 was not caused by an “explosion.” Sixty companies 
carried policies insuring Honeymead against “direct loss by... 
explosion.” Honeymead had other insurance, but with less 
coverage than under an explosion. The court turned down 
Honeymead’s contention that the jury should have been 
permitted to look at the insurance policies during the trial.
 Experts at the trial blamed the tank collapse on the 
extremely cold weather, which caused welded steel plates to 
become brittle. Lowell Andreas, president of the company, 
was out of the country and could not be reached for 
comment.
389. Soybean Digest. 1966. Lowell W. Andreas is named 
director of ADM. Dec. p. 38.
• Summary: “Archer Daniels Midland Co.’s shareholders 
increased the ADM board of directors to 11 members with 
the election of Lowell W. Andreas, Mankato, Minnesota, 
at the annual meeting recently. Mr. Andreas is manager of 
Honeymead Products and treasurer and a director of First 
Interoceanic Corp., Minneapolis investment company.” 
A small portrait photo shows Lowell Andreas. Reelected 
to the board was Dwayne O. Andreas, chairman of First 
Interoceanic Corp.
390. Soybean Digest. 1967. Arkansas Grain Corp. to double 
capacity. Jan. p. 48.
• Summary: “An expansion program for 1967 which will 
double the soybean processing capacity of Arkansas Grain 
Corp.’s Stuttgart plant, was announced by L.C. Carter, 
executive vice president and general manager.” Construction 
is expected to start about Feb. 1. The expansion will give the 
company a total processing capacity of 100,000 bushels/day.
 “The ﬁ rm’s newest venture, a soybean oil canning plant 
located in New Orleans, Louisiana, was placed into operation 
only 6 weeks ago.” This plant is currently canning salad oil 
for the export market 24 hours a day, 6 days a week.
391. Thompson, William H. 1967. Transportation factors 
in marketing soybeans, cottonseed, and their products: 16 
selected cooperatives. USDA Farmer Cooperative Service, 
General Report No. 145. 36 p. Sept. [1 ref]
• Summary: Contents: Summary: Implications of the study, 
ﬁ ndings. Study objectives and methods. Analysis of inbound 
and outbound movements: Inbound movement of soybeans 
and cottonseed to mills, outbound movement of processed 
products. Seasonal patterns of the movements. Inﬂ uence 
of private trucking. Transportation problems of the mills. 
Impact of the transit privilege. Effect of the Decatur-plus 
pricing system for soybeans [based on Decatur, Illinois]. 
Transportation factors affecting future location of mills. 
Appendix.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Jan. 2005) by 
or about USDA’s Farmer Cooperative Service and soybeans. 
Address: Prof. of Transportation, Iowa State Univ. of Science 
and Technology, Ames, Iowa.
392. Atlanta Constitution (The) (Atlanta, Georgia). 1967. 
State gets $6 million soy plant. Nov. 10. p. 69.
• Summary: “The Cotton Producers Association [CPA], 
Atlanta, Thursday said it plans to start construction next 
spring on a $6 million soybean processing and grain-storage 
facility at Valdosta.
 “It is to employ 60 persons and spend about $550,000 
for payroll and $600,000 for purchases of goods and services 
annually.
 “Announcing the facility at a meeting in Valdosta, C.W. 
Paris, assistant general manager of CPA, said the plant will 
process 1,500 tons of soybeans daily and that the adjacent 
grain-storage facility will hold up to four million bushels.
 “Site Option: He said CPA has under option a 50-acre 
site on the farm of Eural H. Carter on the east side of town, 
and noted that Valdosta is in the heart of the “fast-growing 
soybean production area of south Georgia and north Florida.
 “To be operated as Gold Kist Soya, a division of 
CPA, the soybean-processing plant will be designed and 
engineered by Blaw Knox Co., Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and 
the grain-storage facility by Gulf States Construction Co., 
Atlanta.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
concerning Gold Kist in connection with soybeans.
393. Soybean Digest. 1967. ADM names L.W. [Lowell] 
Andreas executive vice president. Dec. p. 40.
• Summary: Lowell Andreas lives in Mankato, Minnesota. 
John H. Daniels, president and chief executive ofﬁ cer of 
ADM, says the announcement is effective immediately. 
“With the addition of Mr. Andreas to the management staff 
the ofﬁ ce of the president will be established, composed of 
the president and executive vice president.” The company’s 
two operating groups, agricultural and chemical, will report 
to Mr. Andreas, who recently resigned as manager of the 
Honeymead Products division of Farmers Union Grain 
Terminal Association. A small portrait photo shows Lowell 
Andreas.
394. Product Name:  Lecithin.

=== PAGE 128 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   128
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Manufacturer’s Name:  M.F.A. Grain Division. Missouri 
Farmers Assoc., Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Mexico, MO 65265.
Date of Introduction:  1967.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Digest Blue Book. 
1967. p. 100.
395. Tri-County Cooperative Soybean Association. 1967. 
Annual report: 15th anniversary 1951-1966. Makers of 
Dawson Soybean Meal. Dawson, Minnesota. 16 p. 22 x 28 
cm.
• Summary: An excellent historical document, with many 
photos. Contents: Fifteen years of progress (year by year 
overview). Manager’s report to the stockholders, by Joe 
Givens. Comparative balance sheet (31 Aug. 1966 and 1965). 
Comparative statement of operations. Distribution of net 
savings for the year ending Aug. 31. 1966 member patronage 
(all members are elevators; location of elevator, bushels 
marketed, and location on a map showing relative size and 
counties). Summary, by Givens. Comparative statement 
of operations (1966 vs. 1965): Soybeans processed, oil 
produced, meal produced, yields of meal and oil, average 
price of soybeans, meal, and oil, trucking operations–miles 
traveled, tons of soybeans and of meal hauled. Bar chart of 
bushels of soybeans processed each year from 1952 to 1966 
(steady increase from about 100,000 to almost 6,000,000). 
Graph of net worth and ﬁ xed assets from 1952 to 1966 (rapid 
increase, with net worth growing from about $250,000 to 
about $1.8 million). Graph of operating costs in cents per 
bushel from 1952 to 1966 (steady decrease from $0.45 to 
$0.17).
 Summary: “An initial investment of $205,000 ﬁ fteen 
years ago has been parlayed into $3.5 million in savings for 
the soybean growers in western Minnesota and eastern South 
Dakota. This is slightly more than 11 cents for each bushel of 
soybeans marketed through this soybean cooperative. Over a 
million dollars in cash refunds have been made to these same 
growers. The farmers in the Tri-County trade area now own 
a business which has a net worth of over $2.5 million.” The 
number of employees has grown from an original group of 
11 to over 70 ﬁ ll time employees. The payroll last year was 
over $400,000. Most of this money stayed in the community. 
“In addition, goods and services purchased locally have done 
much to keep the community healthy.”
 Photos show: (1) Ofﬁ  ce. (2) Present ofﬁ cers seated at 
table. (3) First board of directors, with names. (4) Planning 
committee–1951: Seated together talking in a cafe booth: 
John Hanson, Bert Dahl, Glenn Blomquist, and Art Lee. 
(5) Original employees. (6) Laboratory–1952. Art Shurb, 
chemist. (7) Plant buildings–1953 (exterior). (8) Plant 
buildings–1958 (exterior). (9) Plant buildings–1960 (aerial 
view). (10) Plant buildings–1966 (aerial view). (11). 
1964 extractor. (12) Truck ﬂ eet and ofﬁ ce. (13) Current 
employees: Ofﬁ ce, drivers, plant personnel. Address: 
Dawson, Minnesota.
396. Soybean Digest. 1968. CPA plans soybean plant in 
Georgia. Jan. p. 37.
• Summary: Cotton Producers Association (CPA) plans to 
construct a $6-million soybean processing plant (1,500 tons/
day capacity) and grain storage facility (4 million bushels) at 
Valdosta, Georgia. It will be operated as Gold Kist Soya, a 
division of CPA. The location will provide easy access to the 
export areas of Savannah, Georgia, and Jacksonville, Florida.
 The soybean facility will be designed and engineered 
by Blaw-Knox Co. of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The grain 
storage will be designed and constructed by Gulf States 
Construction Co., Atlanta, Georgia. The plant will make both 
44% and 50% protein soybean meal.
 Cargill also recently constructed a plant in Georgia, at 
Gainesville.
397. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1968. Old seed is 
reﬁ ned by ﬁ rms into new oil. April 3. Business section.
• Summary: The old seed comes from the sunﬂ ower. It is 
said to be the lowest in poly-unsaturates of all oils. Lowell 
Rasmussen, president of Honeymead, said the Minnesota 
Linseed Oil Co. of Minneapolis is now crushing sunﬂ ower 
seeds and extracting the oil. It is shipped to Honeymead 
in Mankato, where it is reﬁ ned and hydrogenated. From 
Honeymead, it goes to the Nu-Maid Margarine plant in 
Albert Lea. Sunﬂ ower oil is brand new on the market. It will 
not take the place of soybean oil at Honeymead.
398. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1968. Honeymead 
talks scheduled [concerning strike]. July 16. Business 
section.
• Summary: Eighty-eight employees of Honeymead Products 
Co. in Mankato went out on strike July 1 to obtain wage, 
insurance, and fringe beneﬁ t increases. Since then, the plant 
at 720 Minneopa Road has been shut down and soybean 
processing stopped.
 Another negotiation session has been scheduled for 
Friday at the Federal Ofﬁ ce Building, Minneapolis, between 
representatives of Local 62 of the American Federation of 
Grain Millers, Honeymead attorney Shefﬁ eld West, federal 
labor conciliator Bart Hess, and Honeymead ofﬁ cials.
399. Far-Mar-Co., Inc. 1968. Soybean Meal. Degummed 
Soybean Oil. Barge–rail- truck (Ad). Soybean Digest. Sept. 
p. 56.
• Summary: This small (4.5 by 1.75 inch black-and-
white) ads states that the meal is bulk or bagged. “Serving 
agriculture with dependability
.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Sept. 2005) 
that mentions Far-Mar-Co, Inc. Note that the company has a 
plant, located in St. Joseph, Missouri, that crushes soybeans. 
Address: 5th & Sylvania, St. Joseph, Missouri 64502. Phone: 

=== PAGE 129 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   129
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
816-233-6161.
400. Soybean Digest. 1968. White County, Arkansas, 
producers organize. Sept. p. 83.
• Summary: “White County, Arkansas, soybean growers 
recently held an organizational meeting at Searcy and 
elected Francis Mason as county committee chairman. 
He is a producer and manager of the local Arkansas Grain 
Coop... Another Arkansas county, Phillips, had disappointing 
attendance due to conﬂ icting events. However, interest of 
those that attended was very good.”
 “In Tennessee, two counties held meetings: Carroll 
County and Henry County.”
401. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Arkansas Grain Corporation. 
Renamed Riceland Foods in 1970.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Stuttgart, Arkansas.
Date of Introduction:  1968 October.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, 
Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of cottonseed and soybean 
processing cooperatives.” USDA Farmer Cooperative 
Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 
4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean processing associations 
operating in 1970.” 9. Arkansas Grain Corporation (Stuttgart, 
Arkansas, 1968).
402. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Gold Kist Soya (Div. of Cotton 
Processors Association).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Valdosta, Georgia.
Date of Introduction:  1968 October.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Atlanta Constitution 
(Georgia). 1967. “State gets $6 million soy plant.” Nov. 10. 
p. 69. Cotton Producers Association (CPA) plans to start 
construction next spring of a $6-million soybean processing 
plant (1,500 tons/day capacity) and grain storage facility (4 
million bushels) at Valdosta, Georgia. It will be operated as 
Gold Kist Soya, a division of CPA.
Soybean Digest. 1968. “CPA plans soybean plant in 
Georgia.” Jan. p. 37.
 Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives.” USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 
82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean 
processing associations operating in 1970.” 13. Gold Kist, 
Inc. (Atlanta, Georgia, Gold Kist Soy Division) (Valdosta, 
Georgia). Built in 1968. Dunn, John R. 1981. “Re: History of 
U.S. cooperative soybean processors.”
 Letter to William Shurtleff at Soyfoods Center. 3 p. Gold 
Kist operated a soybean crushing plant in Valdosta, Georgia, 
from 1968 to present.
403. Soybean Digest. 1968. Plan new Eagle Grove, Iowa, 
processing plant [Boone Valley]. Oct. p. 6.
• Summary: “Member cooperatives of Boone Valley 
Cooperative Processing Association have voted to build a 
new 1,500–ton–per–day soybean processing plant at Eagle 
Grove Iowa. The present plant has a capacity of 400 tons per 
day.”
 “The new plant will be completed by Sept. 1, 1969. 
The machinery and equipment will be supplied by French 
Oil Mill Machinery Co., Piqua, Ohio. The plant will cost in 
excess of $2 million. Both 44% and 50% protein soybean 
meal will be produced from the new plant. Keith M. V oigt is 
general manager.”
404. Eastman, Whitney H. 1968. The history of the linseed 
oil industry in the United States. Minneapolis, Minnesota: 
T.S. Dennison & Co. 277 p. Illust. No index. 24 cm. 
Sponsored by First Interoceanic Corporation. Foreword by 
Thomas L. Daniels. Reviewed in Soybean Digest, June 1968, 
p. 31. [460* ref]
• Summary: A good, very readable work–with a large 
bibliography but no documentation of individual sources. 
All references pertain to ﬂ ax. Chapter 2, titled “Growth and 
decline of ﬂ axseed production in the United States along 
with the rise and fall of the linseed oil processing industry” 
offers a chronology of early developments concerning 
linseed oil:
 Early colonists brought ﬂ axseed to America, primarily 
for the production of ﬁ ber to be spun and woven into linen 
cloth. As population increased, there was a growing need for 
linseed oil at home to use in making paints for buildings and 
machinery, and for linseed cake as a livestock feed.
 1793–The ﬁ rst linseed oil was produced in the USA 
(p. 18)–the same year the cotton gin was invented. Note: 
This may also have been the ﬁ rst vegetable oil produced in 
the USA. Small family-owned processing plants, usually 
bearing the family name, began to spring up along the 
Atlantic Seaboard. This new industry followed the westward 
movement of American civil and the ﬂ ax crop.
 1795–The horizontal hydraulic press is invented; 
efﬁ cient but expensive, it soon comes to be used for making 
linseed oil (in the early 1800s).
 1810–There are now 283 ﬂ axseed processing plants 
in the USA, with a combined annual capacity of less than 
300,000 bushels. About 60% of these plants are located in 
Pennsylvania. Many of them used hand-turned screw presses 
(resembling apple cider presses), which were much less 
efﬁ cient than the Dutch (stamper) press or the new horizontal 
hydraulic press. The movement of ﬂ 
 ax westward often left 
East-Coast processors in short supply.
 1850–The vertical hydraulic press, invented and 

=== PAGE 130 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   130
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
patented by Edwin Hills, appears on the market. It is widely 
used in larger, modern plants until the 1930s.
 1860–East Coast linseed processors now feel the 
competition of inland processors; 26 plants are concentrated 
in the Miami River Valley near Dayton, Ohio. For many 
years Ohio was the leading ﬂ axseed producing area in the 
USA.
 1870–Thirty Eastern Seaboard processing plants are 
still in business, many using imported ﬂ axseed with a higher 
oil content. 1887–The National Linseed Oil Company is 
established to consolidate small processors into a so-called 
Trust to improve processing margins. It ends up controlling 
about two-thirds of processing capacity, but 21 of its 
plants were so old and inefﬁ cient that they soon had to be 
dismantled and written off. At this time 70 linseed oil plants 
are in operation in the USA, with 20 of them in Ohio. During 
the 1880s many such trusts–but smaller–were formed.
 1900–Only 13 Eastern Seaboard processing plants 
remain in business, six each in New York State and 
Philadelphia, and one in New Jersey.
 1909–Spencer Kellogg and Sons, Inc. builds a large, 
modern linseed oil processing plant on the Hudson River in 
Edgewater, New Jersey; it had its own deep-water pier and 
was equipped with hydraulic presses.
 1911–Midland Linseed Products Co., a fast-growing 
oil processor based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, also builds 
a large, modern linseed oil plant on the Hudson River in 
Edgewater, New Jersey; it has 64 hydraulic presses and a 
deep-water pier.
 1912–317 million lb. of linseed oil are produced in the 
United States.
 1922–Archer-Daniels Linseed Co., based in 
Minneapolis, Minnesota, is the third major company to build 
a large, modern linseed oil processing plant on the Hudson 
River in Edgewater, New Jersey; it has 48 hydraulic presses.
 1944–Production of linseed oil in the USA reaches an 
all-time peak of 732 million lb. It is used mostly in paints 
and varnishes.
 Contains an excellent, detailed history of Spencer 
Kellogg and Sons, Inc. The company, which has 
headquarters in Buffalo, New York, dates back through 5 
generations of the Kellogg family. The Kellogg name has 
been prominent in the linseed oil industry longer than any 
other family, dating back to 1824, only 31 years after the ﬁ rst 
linseed oil was produced in America.
 Spencer Kellogg was the “ ﬁ rst linseed oil processor in 
America to do any serious fundamental research on linseed 
oil in this country. They built a modern research laboratory 
at Buffalo, New York, in 1909, and under the able leadership 
of Dr. Alex Schwarcman, carried on an aggressive program 
in fundamental research on linseed oil. Dr. Schwarcman 
received thirty-four United States and Canadian patents 
over a period extending from 1914 to the present time.” The 
company was sold in 1961 to Textron, Inc. It has since been 
operated as the Spencer Kellogg Div. of Textron, Inc., a 
publicly owned corporation.
 Also contains a history of Archer-Daniels-Midland 
Co. (p. 40-), one of the largest linseed oil processors in 
the industry. Formed under that name in 1923, it has roots 
going back 130 years. ADM was said to be a bit slow in 
recognizing the value of research. As late as 1932 ADM’s 
entire technical staff consisted of only a few people, but 
when the new laboratory was completed the following year, 
the department was expanded. The list of new products 
developed through research began to grow rapidly starting 
in about 1940, so that an increasingly large proportion 
of ADM’s output of linseed oil was sold in reﬁ ned or 
chemically processed form.
 Chapter 4, titled “The Evolution of Processing 
Equipment” (p. 107+) gives a good history of the subject. 
The horizontal hydraulic press, invented in 1795, came into 
use in the early 1800s. The vertical hydraulic press ﬁ rst 
appeared on the market in 1850 and was widely used until 
the 1930s; French Oil Mill Machinery Co. of Piqua, Ohio, 
dominated the market. The French Oil Mill Machinery Co. 
made an excellent model. The Spencer Kellogg plant at 
Edgewater, New Jersey, built in 1909, eventually had 190 
hydraulic presses–the largest in the USA. Mechanical screw 
presses replaced the vertical hydraulic press in the 1930s. 
The main manufacturer of these presses were V .D. Anderson 
(Expeller) and French.
 “The continuous solvent extraction of oilseeds was ﬁ rst 
developed in Europe and had been used successfully there 
for a number of years before the process was used in the 
United States. The ﬁ rst continuous solvent extraction plant 
in this country was placed in operation in Chicago [Illinois] 
in 1934 by Archer-Daniels-Midland Company to operate 
on soybeans. This plant, like several others of the earlier 
plants in this country, was designed and built in Europe.” 
Early U.S. manufacturers of continuous solvent extraction 
equipment were Allis-Chalmers of Milwaukee (Wisconsin), 
V .D. Anderson of Cleveland (Ohio), French of Piqua, and 
Blaw-Knox of Pittsburgh (Pennsylvania). Flaxseed, which 
has a much higher oil content than soybeans, required 
prepressing by use of the mechanical screw press.
 When [in 1960] Honeymead sold their Mankato 
soybean processing plant to Farmers Union Grain Terminal 
Association (FUGTA a farmers co-op), the ﬂ axseed 
prepressing unit was included. Sometime later [in 1961], 
First Interoceanic Corporation purchased the solvent 
extraction plant of the Minnesota Linseed Oil Co., and after 
operating it for a while, resold it to FUGTA.
 A review of this book in Soybean Digest  (June 1968, p. 
31) shows a small photo of Whitney Eastman, who started in 
the vegetable oil processing industry in 1911, and in addition 
to linseed oil has been associated with the soybean crop and 
industry since its early beginnings in the USA. “Mr. Eastman 
has served as vice president of both Archer Daniels Midland 

=== PAGE 131 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   131
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
and General Mills, Inc. In recent years he has been a director 
of First Oceanic Corp., which is the largest stockholder of 
ADM.”
405. Eastman, Whitney H. 1968. The Andreas brothers’ 
linseed oil operations (Document part). In: Whitney H. 
Eastman. 1968. The History of the Linseed Oil Industry in 
the United States. Minneapolis, Minnesota: T.S. Dennison & 
Co. 277 p. See p. 53-54. [460* ref]
• Summary: During the 1930s in Iowa, R.P. [Reuben Peter] 
Andreas built several small soybean processing plants and 
feed plants. At an early age, the Andreas boys [his sons] 
began to learn the intricacies of the buying and processing of 
oilseeds.
 Four of his sons–Albert, Dwayne, Lowell, and Glenn–
devoted themselves to linseed oil processing and reﬁ ning. 
Albert was the ﬁ rst of the four brothers to take an interest in 
this industry.
 In 1937 Joseph Sinaiko established The Northwest 
Linseed Company. He built a linseed oil processing plant in 
Fridley (a north suburb of Minneapolis) and installed four 
French mechanical screw presses. At a later date he installed 
three French screw presses.
 Note: Ray Lindquist, Jr. (personal communication 
10 July 2003) says that the Northwest Linseed Co. was in 
Minneapolis, not in Fridley. He does not know who founded 
it, but Albert Andreas later owned it. Talk with Sally Dogon, 
Joseph Sinaiko’s daughter. 2003. Oct. 25. Sally’s husband 
recalls clearly that Joe Sinaiko established The Northwest 
Linseed Company near Minneapolis.
 In 1940 Albert Andreas purchased ﬁ nancial control of 
the company and in 1948 sold the plant to Cargill, Inc. None 
of the other Andreas brothers were involved in this venture 
with Albert. Glenn Andreas went into banking.
 Meanwhile, Dwayne and Lowell Andreas had become 
involved with soybean processing in Iowa and Minnesota. 
In 1945 Dwayne became associated with Cargill, Inc. at its 
headquarters in Minneapolis. That same year he was elected 
assistant vice president, and in 1946 a vice president. He was 
hired by Cargill to develop its vegetable oil processing and 
reﬁ ning division to include ﬂ axseed processing. In 1952 he 
“retired” from Cargill to be able to devote more attention 
to Honeymead Products Company, a rapidly expanding 
business owned by Dwayne and his brother, Lowell. For a 
while, Honeymead [in Mankato, Minnesota] was operating 
one of the largest soybean processing plants in the USA–or 
the world. In 1958 Honeymead added a prepressing auxiliary 
unit ahead of its continuous solvent extraction unit in order 
to be able to process ﬂ axseed as well as soybeans.
 In 1960 the Andreas brothers sold the Honeymead plant 
to Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association (GTA)–a 
farmers’ cooperative. For a while, Whitney Eastman served 
as a director of Honeymead along with Dwayne and Lowell.
 “At the time of the sale of the Honeymead plant to GTA, 
the Andreas group organized Interoceanic Industries, Inc.–
later changed to First Interoceanic Corporation–to act as a 
family investment corporation for their far-ﬂ ung activities. 
Interoceanic then entered into a management contract 
with GTA to manage the operations of Honeymead. This 
management contract continued until 1967.
 “In 1961, Interoceanic purchased Minnesota Linseed 
Oil Company–jointly owned by National Lead Co. and 
Minnesota Linseed Oil Paint Company. Interoceanic 
operated this large, modern, continuous solvent 
extraction plant and reﬁ nery located in Fridley–a suburb 
of Minneapolis–until 1964, when Interoceanic sold the 
Minnesota Linseed Oil Company to GTA. Interoceanic 
entered into a management contract with GTA to manage 
their linseed oil operations. This arrangement continued from 
1964 to 1967.
 “The two Andreas brothers, Dwayne and Lowell, and 
the author [Eastman] are still serving as directors of First 
Interoceanic Corporation.
 “In 1966 Interoceanic purchased a large block of stock 
of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company, becoming the largest 
stockholder.” That same year Dwayne was elected to the 
Board of Directors and the company’s Executive Committee. 
Lowell was elected to the Board of Directors and a member 
of the executive and ﬁ nance committees. In 1967 he was 
elected executive vice president. On 2 Feb. 1968 he was 
elected president.
406. American Soybean Association. 1969. Soybean Digest 
Blue Book Issue. Hudson, Iowa: American Soybean Assoc. 
180 p. Index. Advertisers’ index. 22 cm.
• Summary: The title page of this year’s Blue Book has a 
new design; it states: “Soybean Digest Blue Book Issue. V ol. 
29, No. 6. March, 1969.
 “Ofﬁ  cial publication for: American Soybean Association 
/ Soybean Council of America, Inc. / Arkansas Soybean 
Association. / Indiana Soybean Growers Association. / Iowa 
Soybean Association. / Land of Lincoln [Illinois] Soybean 
Association. / Minnesota Soybean Growers Association. 
/ Mississippi Soybean Association. / Missouri Soybean 
Association. / Ohio Soybean Association. / South Carolina 
Soybean Association. / Tennessee Soybean Association. / 
Texas Soybean Association.”
 In this issue the name “Dawson Mills” (Dawson, 
Minnesota) ﬁ rst appears. The company had been listed 
in 1968 as “Tri-County Co-op Soybean Assn.” Address: 
Hudson, Iowa.
407. Stuart, Clyde, Jr.; Morrison, W.R. 1969. Economies of 
size in soybean processing plants. Arkansas Agricultural 
Experiment Station, Bulletin No. 743. 18 p. May.
• Summary: Contents: Introduction: Purpose of the study, 
methods and assumptions. Capital investment requirements: 
Soybean storage facilities, processing facilities, 

=== PAGE 132 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   132
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
miscellaneous facilities and buildings. Manufacturing costs: 
Plant operating costs, general administrative costs, ﬁ nancial 
cost, total manufacturing costs. Acquisition costs. Total 
processing costs. Summary and Conclusions.
 In 1950 soybean production in Arkansas was 12.5 
million bushels (4% of total U.S. soybean production), 
increasing in 1960 to 50 million bushels (9% of total), and in 
1967 to 91.7 million bushels.
 “Soybean production in Arkansas is concentrated in 
the Delta counties of Eastern Arkansas. Approximately 
95% of the 1967 production came from 25 Delta counties. 
Production per county ranged from a low of 813,000 bushels 
in Drew County to a high of 6,555,000 bushels in Mississippi 
County... Crittenden and Mississippi counties [both 
bordering the Mississippi River] had the highest production 
density with each producing more than 7,000 bushels per 
square mile.
 “Soybean processing capacity in Arkansas has increased 
substantially since 1960, yet less than half of the 1966 
production was processed within the state. Only three of the 
11 oil mills crushing soybeans in 1960 were built exclusively 
for soybean processing. These 11 mills had a total crushing 
capacity in excess of 1,150 tons per day.
 “In 1964, one of the largest and most modern soybean 
processing plants in the industry was constructed on the 
Mississippi River in Phillips County [at Helena, on the 
Mississippi River]. The plant has a rated capacity of 1,500 
tons per day, which more than doubled the existing crushing 
capacity in the state. During 1967 a processing plant with 
a daily rated capacity of 750 tons was built in Mississippi 
County [probably at Osceola, on the Mississippi River] and 
an extractor with a capacity of about 800 tons per day was 
added to existing facilities in Arkansas County [at Stuttgart]. 
By the end of 1967, total soybean processing capacity in 
Arkansas was over 4,500 tons per day. If all the crushing 
plants operated at capacity–330 days per year–they could 
process 49 million bushels or slightly more than half of the 
1967 soybean crop.”
 Tables: (1) Estimated capital investment per mill or 
per bushel of soybeans crushed, for three model solvent 
soybean processing plants. (2) Estimates and distribution 
of manufacturing costs, by size of mill, 1965-66 season 
(The cost per bushel for a 500-tons-day mill is $22.875 vs. 
$17.733 for an 1800-tons-day mill). (3) Average acquisition 
cost per bushel for various levels of density, 1966 Arkansas 
soybean production (The lowest per-bushel cost is for a small 
mill near high-density soybean production).
 A photo on the cover shows the Arkansas Grain 
Cooperative soybean processing facility at Helena, Arkansas, 
one of the nation’s largest solvent plants. Address: Div. of 
Agriculture, Univ. of Arkansas, Fayetteville, Arkansas.
408. Foreign Agriculture (USDA Foreign Agricultural 
Service). 1969. Four visiting teams view two different 
aspects of soybean use. 7(28):13. July 14.
• Summary: Teams from Sweden, Portugal, India, and 
Pakistan, sponsored by the Soybean Council of America, 
Inc., toured soybean production, processing, and shipping 
facilities in the USA during May and June. The Indian and 
Pakistani teams were chieﬂ y interested in soybean oil and 
the different methods of processing, reﬁ ning, and shipping 
this commodity. They arrived in the USA separately but 
during June combined their itineraries from Minnesota 
(Minneapolis, Mankato, Albert Lea), to Iowa (Mason 
City [The plant formerly managed by Glenn Pogeler, now 
of SCA]), Illinois (Peoria–USDA’s Northern Utilization 
Research Lab.), Arkansas, and ﬁ nally Louisiana (New 
Orleans–USDA’s Southern Utilization Research Lab.). 
“India, for example, is the second largest market for 
semireﬁ ned U.S. soybean oil, and our exports to that country 
in 1968 were 200 million pounds. About the same amount 
will be shipped by the United States in 1969 to India under 
P.L. 480. The names of the team members from India and 
from Pakistan are listed.
 By contrast, the Swedish and Portuguese teams were 
primarily interested in the processing and use of soybean 
meal. Portugal is working to develop a modern beef 
industry, whereas Sweden is developing a poultry industry. 
The Portuguese team (whose members names are given) 
began their U.S. visit on May 16 with a tour of the Chicago 
Board of Trade, then visited soybean storage and milling 
facilities, and farms in the area that produce soybeans 
and feed the cattle rations containing soybean meal. Then 
they visited sites in St. Louis, Missouri, and Dallas, Texas. 
The Portuguese and Swedish teams joined temporarily on 
May 26-27 in Kansas City, Missouri, to participate in the 
Third National Feed Production School, sponsored by the 
American Feed Manufacturers Association.
 The names of the Swedish team members are given. 
On May 21 they visited the USDA’s research facilities on 
the feeding of animals in Beltsville, Maryland, followed by 
visits to a cooperative poultry processing plant (Rockingham, 
Virginia), a large integrated farm cooperative (Des Moines, 
Iowa), and the Chicago Board of Trade.
409. Soybean Digest. 1969. Julie Carlson is new “Princess 
Soya.” Sept. p. 10, 13, 4.
• Summary: “A pretty 18-year-old Minnesota girl, Julie 
Carlson, was chosen 1969 ‘Princess Soya.’ Marilyn Ballard, 
19, of Fuquay Varina, North Carolina, was ﬁ rst runner-up 
in the contest featuring seven ﬁ nalists that included girls 
from Louisiana, South Carolina, Mississippi, Arkansas, and 
Illinois.
 “Miss Carlson, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Glen Carlson, 
Chokio, Minnesota, soybean growers will reign over the 
nations No. 2 crop.”
 “The new ‘Princess Soya’ was sponsored by the Tri-
County Co-op Soybean Assn. of Dawson, Chokio State 

=== PAGE 133 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   133
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Bank, Chokio Equity Elevator Exchange, and the Minnesota 
Soybean Growers Assn.”
410. Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association. 
1969. Fire or explosion in solvent extraction plant. Eagle 
Grove, Iowa. Dec. 17.
• Summary: Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1969. “Pre-dawn 
explosion shatters Boone Valley plant: 3 injured; damage 
is ‘extensive.’” Dec. 18. p. 1-2. The ﬁ re occurred on 
Wednesday morning, Dec. 17, at about 5:10 a.m. The plant 
extracted oil from soybeans using hexane solvent. Three men 
were injured.
Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1969. “Hexene [sic, Hexane] 
vapor triggered blast: Separate explosions at Boone Valley.” 
Dec. 25. p. 1.
 Crabbe, Carolyn; McCutcheon, Connie. eds. 1981. 
Eagle Grove, Iowa 1881-1981 centennial. Eagle Grove, 
Iowa: Eagle Grove Centennial Committee. vi + 218 p. See p. 
21. “1969 Dec. 17–Explosion in soy and feed plants.”
 Kingsbaker, C. Louis. 2005. “List of ﬁ res and explosions 
in extraction plants.” Atlanta, Georgia. 3 p. Aug. 4. 
Unpublished manuscript.
 Letter (e-mail) from Joe Givens with more basic 
information about explosion or ﬁ re. 2005. Aug. 8. 
Magnitude: 6 (where 10 is the most severe). Address: Eagle 
Grove, Iowa.
411. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1969. Pre-dawn explosion 
shatters Boone Valley plant: 3 injured; damage is 
“extensive.” Dec. 18. p. 1-2.
• Summary: The ﬁ re occurred on Wednesday morning, Dec. 
17, at about 5:10 a.m. The plant extracted oil from soybeans 
using hexane solvent. Three men from Eagle Grove were 
injured: Clarence Crovisier, Reuben C. Erland (age 58), 
and Robert Egesdal (age 20). The ﬁ rst two men are listed 
in “fair” condition and the 3rd as “satisfactory.” Two of the 
injured men were rushed to the Fort Dodge hospital. General 
manager Keith V oigt estimated the preliminary damage in 6 
ﬁ gures and “said he believed the explosion was spontaneous 
combustion of dust in the plant.” Eleven men were on duty in 
the plant at the time of the blast. The plant’s headhouse, atop 
six silos, each 120 feet tall, was ripped apart. The feed part 
of the ﬁ rm may be back in business in a few days.
 “Plant of ﬁ cials quickly discounted hexene [sic, hexane], 
the volatile chemical used is the soybean oil extraction 
process, as a cause of the explosion.”
 Large photos show: (1) Ruben Erland, injured, dazed 
and face covered with blood. (2) Freight cars on the Boone 
Valley siding, covered with rubble. (3) A shattered wall in the 
feed plant, with roof collapsed, pointed out by Bob Craven, 
age 24, a Boone Valley employee.
412. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1969. Feed plant could 
operate soon [Boone Valley]. Dec. 18. p. 2.
• Summary: “Boone Valley Feed Division Manager C.W. 
(Chuck) Bartley... said the main feed plant could be in 
production again in a ‘few days.’” He also said the soybean 
oil extractor apparently came through the accident in good 
shape. “Two other smaller operations, a mineral plant and a 
molasses and feed pellet plant, are heavily damaged and may 
have to be replaced.” The soybean preparation room, where 
whole soybeans are cracked and ﬂ aked prior to extraction, 
was also heavily damaged. Thus it will be some time before 
the plant can resume the oil extraction process.
 “Fire doors pay off: Two $5,000 ﬁ  re doors which 
separate the cooperative’s new 24,000 square feet bagged 
feed warehouse from the rest of the plant paid for themselves 
Wednesday morning when they closed automatically and 
prevented heat from triggering a sprinkler system in the new 
building.” The bagged feed was not damaged.
413. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1969. Fire ofﬁ cial suspects 
dust [in Boone Valley explosion]. Dec. 18. p. 2.
• Summary: The deputy state ﬁ re marshal said the explosion 
was “most likely caused by spontaneous combustion of dust. 
‘It’s a good assumption in any kind of feed mill explosion.’” 
Note: He was wrong.
414. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1969. Time clock at Boone 
Valley stopped at 5:08. Dec. 18. p. 2.
• Summary: “The Eagle Grove V olunteer Fire Department 
was notiﬁ ed of the Boone Valley plant explosion... some 5 to 
10 minutes after the actual blast occurred.”
415. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1969. Hexene [sic, Hexane] 
vapor triggered blast: Separate explosions at Boone 
Valley. 
Dec. 25. p. 1.
• Summary: Ofﬁ cials investigating the explosion at the 
Boone Valley soybean processing plant last Wednesday 
morning now believe it was set off initially by hexene [sic, 
hexane] vapors. All three men injured in the accident were 
interviewed. General Manager Keith V oigt said that Crovisier 
and Erland “were both in the plant’s soybean preparation 
room just before the explosion and one apparently said to the 
other: ‘The hexene’s terrible in here, let’s get out!’ The two 
men were starting to leave the building when the blast went 
off. V oigt said it is believed the hexene vapors backed up into 
the prep room from the extraction area ‘as a consequence 
of a back draft in a meal dryer.’ Ignition of hexene vapor is 
believed to have knocked down a ﬁ rewall separating the prep 
room from the feed plant, at the same time stirring up dust. 
The dust then ignited in other areas of the plant, causing the 
widespread damage.
 “This version of the blast lends credence to reports at 
the scene by people who reported hearing several distinct 
explosions.
 “Hexene is a petroleum derivative used in the chemical 
extraction of soybean oil from the ﬂ aked and cracked beans. 

=== PAGE 134 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   134
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
The plant has always taken elaborate safety precautions with 
the chemical...”
416. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1969. Explosion claims one 
life [at Boone Valley]. Dec. 25. p. 1.
• Summary: Clarence L. Crovisier, age 57, died on Dec. 19, 
Friday, at Bethesda General Hospital in Fort Dodge, Iowa. 
He lapsed into a coma at about 6 p.m. and died three hours 
later. Funeral services were held last Monday morning at 
Sacred Heart Catholic Church in Eagle Grove. He started 
working for the cooperative on March 5, 1949, company 
records show. He was about to receive his 20-year service 
pin.
417. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1969. Feed plant could run 
this week [at Boone Valley]. Dec. 25. p. 1.
• Summary: A portion of the Boone Valley feed 
manufacturing plant could be in production this week, 
possibly on Wednesday (Dec. 24) according to general 
manager Keith V oigt.
418. Knapp, Joseph G. 1969. The rise of American 
cooperative enterprise, 1620-1920. Danville, Illinois: 
Interstate Printers and Publishers, Inc. [xviii] + 532 p. Index. 
24 cm. [952 ref]
• Summary: This is widely viewed as the best history of the 
early U.S. cooperative movement. It may be considered the 
ﬁ rst of a two-volume set. Its successor is The Advance of 
American Cooperative Enterprise, which examines the great 
expansion of cooperative development from 1920-1970.
 Contents: Part I: Probings [1620-1896]. 1. Early 
exploration. 2. Urban experimentation. 3. The agrarian 
groundswell. 4. Growth of the independent agricultural 
cooperatives. Part II: Formative forces [1897-1920]. Part 
III. Cooperative marketing progress [1920+]. Focuses on 
California, especially the Southern California Fruit Exchange 
(formed in 1893, incorporated Oct. 1895), which became 
the California Fruit Growers Exchange (in 1905 when it had 
5,000 members; adopted the brand name “Sunkist” in 1908 
for its highest quality oranges, and so was the ﬁ rst to brand 
fruit), which became Sunkist Growers, Inc. Part IV: The 
development of cooperative purchasing [1920+]. Part V: The 
expanding cooperative universe [1920+].
 Joseph Knapp is considered America’s foremost 
authority on farmer cooperatives. Gives a very good 
background of how and why cooperative associations were 
established, particularly in the post Civil War period, as 
the economic response by such farm groups as the Grange, 
Alliance, and Farmers Union, to what they viewed as an 
inadequate, even exploitive service provided by private 
companies at the time. The book is dedicated to Edwin 
G. Nourse, Dean of Scholars in American Cooperative 
Enterprise, and Knapp’s mentor.
 The foreword is a brief biography of Knapp from 
1920 to the present and some cooperative milestones of 
the period. In the mid-1920s, agricultural cooperation was 
in the national spotlight; it was the beginning of what was 
later called “The Golden Age of Cooperation in America,” 
by Charles W. Holman. In 1925 the American Institute 
of Cooperation was founded, as a national forum for 
cooperative discussion and planning under the intellectual 
leadership of Dr. Edwin Nourse, chair of its program 
committee. In 1926, the Division of Cooperative Marketing 
was established by the Cooperative Marketing Act of 1926. 
Its gifted chief was Chris L. Christensen, who knew well 
the long history of Danish cooperation. In 1929 the National 
Marketing Act of 1929 was passed; it led to a all-out effort 
to fashion strong national marketing cooperatives with the 
support of the Federal Farm Board.
 The Great Depression of the 1930s gave further 
momentum to the cooperative movement in America; 
cooperatives were seen as the solution to many economic 
problems of the era.
 From 1953-1966 Knapp was administrator of USDA’s 
Farmer Cooperative Service. A portrait photo of Knapp, 
holding a pipe (for smoking) appears on the rear dust jacket. 
His brief biography appears on the inside rear dust jacket.
 In 1620 the Pilgrims were a cooperative organization, 
joined by the Mayﬂ ower Compact. Cooperation as a form of 
business enterprise ﬁ rst arose in the ﬁ eld of ﬁ re insurance. 
In 1736 Benjamin Franklin and others “founded the pioneer 
Union Fire Company as an association for mutual assistance 
in ﬁ ghting ﬁ res. In Feb. 1750 it expanded into America’s 
ﬁ rst mutual ﬁ re insurance company. In March 1752, based 
on an idea proposed [in Pennsylvania] by Franklin, the 
Philadelphia Contributorship for the Insurance of Houses 
from Loss by Fire was established. The basic organization 
of the Contributorship was patterned on “The Amicable 
Contributorship, and Hand-in-Hand Fire Ofﬁ ce,” which were 
established in London in 1696. In 1806 the ﬁ rst experiment 
in industrial cooperation began when the Journeyman 
Cordwainers of Philadelphia [shoemakers] “became their 
own employers by opening a warehouse to market at 
wholesale and retail the boots and shoes manufactured by the 
organization’s members.”
 In 1785 the ﬁ  rst agricultural society was founded, again 
in Philadelphia by Franklin–the Philadelphia Society for 
promoting Agriculture. Soon many such societies, dominated 
by “gentleman farmers, were formed mainly to improve 
agricultural techniques through agricultural education.
 On page 193 is a half-page history of the Missouri 
Farmers Association (MFA), which was founded in 1917 by 
William Hirth.
 Pages 216-17 describe the rise of cooperative creameries 
and dairies and the movement “toward the formation of a 
state-wide federation of cooperative creameries,...” In “1921 
the Minnesota Cooperative Creamery Association–later 
to be known by its Land O’Lakes brand- was formed with 

=== PAGE 135 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   135
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
over one-half of the 645 cooperative creameries in the state 
enrolled as stockholder members.” Address: [USDA].
419. National Soybean Processors Assoc. 1969. Year book 
& trading rules–1968-1969. Washington, DC: National 
Soybean Processors Association. 64 p. 23 cm. Spiral bound.
• Summary: Contents: Constitution and by-laws (As 
amended Aug. 6, 1968). Ofﬁ cers and directors. Names of 
members. List of standing committees. Trading rules on 
soybean meal. Appendix to trading rules on soybean meal: 
Ofﬁ cial methods of analysis (moisture, protein, crude ﬁ ber, 
oil {only method numbers listed}, sampling of soybean 
meal {automatic sampler, probe sampler}). Trading rules 
on soybean oil. Deﬁ nitions of grade and quality of export 
oils. Tentative soybean lecithin speciﬁ cations. Appendix to 
trading rules on soybean oil: Uniform sales contract, grading 
soybean oil for color (N.S.P.A. tentative method), methods 
of analysis (A.O.C.S. ofﬁ cial methods): Soybean oil, crude; 
soybean oil, reﬁ ned; soybean oil, reﬁ ned and bleached; 
soybean oil for technical uses; soap stock, acidulated 
soap stock and tank bottoms (only method numbers 
listed). Foreign trade deﬁ nitions (for information purposes 
only). Address: 1225 Connecticut Ave., N.W., Suite 314, 
Washington, DC 20036. Phone: 202/659-4610.
420. Dawson Mills. 1970. Quality Soybean Products (Ad). 
Soybean Digest Blue Book Issue. p. 6. March.
• Summary: No product names or types are given is this 
very simple, small (4½ by 1½ inch) ad. Note: In 1979, 
the company made soybean meal and crude soybean oil. 
Address: Dawson, Minnesota 56232. Phone: (612) 769-4386.
421. Far-Mar-Co, Inc. 1970. 44% & 48.5% Soybean Meal. 
Degummed Soybean Oil (Ad). Soybean Digest Blue Book 
Issue. p. 7. March.
• Summary: A ¼-page ad. The meal is bulk or bagged, 
shipped by rail, barge, or truck. Address: St. Joseph, 
Missouri 64502.
422. Soybean Digest. 1970. Missouri plans checkoff 
referendum. March. p. 38.
• Summary: In February, Missouri soybean farmers were 
signing petitions for a voluntary legislated ½ cent per 
bushel soybean checkoff program in the state. Leaders of 
the Missouri Soybean Association, which is circulating the 
petitions, expect that the necessary 2,500 signatures would 
be obtained before March 1.
 Tentative plans call for 7 hearings in seven Missouri 
districts in early March. To pass, the referendum must 
receive a “yes” vote representing 51% of Missouri soybean 
growers and 51% of the acreage of those registered. Only 
registered farmers can vote.
 “The Missouri Soybean Assn. is receiving a great deal of 
help from the State Extension Service, the Missouri Farmers 
Assn., the Missouri Farm Bureau Federation, the county 
ASCS [Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service, 
USDA] ofﬁ ces, and vo-ag teachers in telling the story of the 
referendum and handling the work involved. Chances for 
success appear good.” The referendum will probably be held 
in the spring.
 A photo shows Don Pemberton, American Soybean 
Assoc. director from Cape Girardeau, Missouri, standing at 
a podium as he presides over the meeting where referendum 
plans were made.
423. Oster, Merrill J. 1970. Private breeders join the push for 
higher yields. Soybean Digest. April. p. 26-28.
• Summary: “Just a decade ago only a few private soybean 
breeders had introduced varieties, most of the breeding work 
was being done by university and USDA breeders. But today 
there’s a big surge of activity among private companies to 
come up with higher yielding varieties for farmers.
 “Why the increased activity among private companies? 
Two big reasons:
 “1–The soybean business is growing rapidly. U.S. 
soybean acreage has almost doubled since 1957–from about 
21 million acres to almost 41 million acres last year. That 
means the seed market has doubled, too.
 “2–Pending legislation would give variety protection–
the equivalent of patent protection on new varieties they 
develop. It would help companies protect their investment 
in variety research, and justify commitment of additional 
research funds on soybean breeding.
 “Some companies have increased their research, hoping 
that protection will soon be granted for new varieties. This 
would prevent other seed companies or dealers from selling 
the same variety without permission. Such protection would 
allow a company fuller control over the marketing of their 
varieties, which would leave them with greater returns for 
their research effort.
 “What’s it mean to farmers? The additional pro ﬁ t 
incentive will undoubtedly lure more companies into 
soybean breeding. That simply means that every extra 
breeder applying his skills to soybean yields and proﬁ ts 
will speed progress that much more. It may mean that new 
varieties will cost more per bushel than present varieties, if 
companies are to recover their big investments in research.
 “But farmers have paid the price for products which 
boost their yields in the past. A good example is the way 
farmers grab onto the new higher-yielding corn hybrids 
costing $20/bu or more while the market price for corn 
hovers close to $1/bu.
 “There’s no doubt that the rate of yield progress will 
increase as breeding efforts are stepped up.
 “Perhaps one of the oldest and largest private soybean 
breeding companies is Coker’s Pedigreed Seed Co. of 
Hartsville, South Carolina. ‘We estimate that half the 
soybean acreage in the southeast is planted to varieties 

=== PAGE 136 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   136
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
originating in the work of Coker scientists,’ says J. Winston 
Neely, Coker vice president. Their varieties are also planted 
in the Mississippi Valley, Texas and the Southwest.
 “’Even though we employ a full-time breeding staff on 
soybeans, we could afford to place even greater emphasis 
on this research effort if adequate variety protection were 
available,’ believes Dr. Henry W. Webb, Coker plant breeder.
 “One of the big Coker breeding projects that looks 
promising now combines the traits of high yield, high 
protein, disease resistance, and seed quality. Based on the 
soybean breeding record Coker started in 1925 there’s little 
doubt that many new varieties will result from their breeding 
effort in the future.
 “Bene ﬁ ts from breeders rights:
 “Dr. Robert Coker, president, gives these reasons why a 
system of breeders’ rights would beneﬁ t agriculture:
 “1–The breeder would be assured of being reimbursed 
for time and money invested in developing new varieties.
 “2–Certi ﬁ ed seed growers would be protected from 
competition of noncertiﬁ ed seed.
 “3–Seed dealers would be assured of offering only seed 
of known pedigree and performance.
 “4–Farmers would know they were buying seed no more 
than two generations away from the originator of the variety.
 “5–All of agriculture would bene ﬁ t from the new 
emphasis that would be devoted to variety development.
 “’Most farmers will have farm-wide averages of 20% 
to 40% higher yields, primarily due to better varieties,’ says 
Harry Stine of Improved Variety Research Inc., Adel, Iowa. 
Stine speculates that without breeders rights protection the 
yield progress might be only half that much because there 
would be less incentive for private breeders to push for new 
varieties.
 “Improved Variety Research is typical of many new 
groups getting into soybean breeding. It is funded by a group 
of leading seedsmen who hope to come up with their own 
outstanding varieties to market under their own label in the 
near future.
 “One of the most optimistic men in the industry is 
Robert L. Teweles of Teweles Seed Co., Milwaukee, 
Wisconsin. ‘Yields of the top 10% of the farmers in 10 years 
may be as high as an 80-bushel average on large acreages,’ 
says Teweles. ‘Much of the increase in yield will result from 
the cooperative research between chemical, fertilizer, and 
seed companies.’
 “Teweles believes that although breeder rights will 
have impact on most farmers in a short term, it will have a 
dramatic impact on his longterm proﬁ tability.
 “’Breeders rights laws will provide the seed company 
with ownership of the variety that it has developed. It should 
certainly stimulate private industries to enter the soybean 
breeding ﬁ eld,’ says Teweles.
 “5-Year Average Centered: Teweles research is headed 
by Dr. William H. Davis, a developer of the world’s ﬁ rst 
hybrid alfalfa. Their program has three phases:
 “1–A short range-development of pure line soybeans 
through a rapid increase procedure.
 “2–Medium range-development of large numbers of new 
types of soybean plants that will top new genetic sources, 
including those which respond to high fertility.
 “3–Long range-development of male sterility in 
soybeans and production of hybrid soybean varieties. The 
company is currently in its 16th cycle of its ﬁ rst program 
which has resulted in two new varieties ready for sale in the 
fall of 1970, and additional varieties for the fall of 1971.
 “Maintains winter nursery in Chile: Soybean Research 
Foundation Inc. launched a breeding program under the 
direction of Dr. Arnold L. Matson in 1965. They are using a 
winter nursery in Chile to get two ﬁ eld generations per year 
in an effort to speed up their breeding program. The Soybean 
Research Foundation is made up of 27 member companies in 
eight north central states.
 “To date they have only one variety on the market, SRF 
300. But they plan to have a complete range of varieties 
on the market within 3 years. Matson feels the major 
contributions of private breeding are yet to be felt.
 “’A breeders rights law would allow seedsmen to afford 
to spend the large amount necessary for variety development 
because they could then protect that variety and recover their 
investments. In the long run, farmers will beneﬁ t by having 
more good varieties to choose from, thereby having a better 
chance to ﬁ nd the right one for their farm,’ says Matson.
 “Peterson Seed Co. of Waterloo, Iowa, is now in its 
fourth year of soybean research under the direction of 
Dr. C.R. Weber, former Iowa State University and USDA 
soybean breeder. Peterson has several brands on the market 
now, including the ‘world’s ﬁ rst certiﬁ ed blend’–Blue Tag 
Pete 105.
 “Peterson has several lines under increase. Limited 
supplies of the best of these will be available for farmers in 
the near future.
 “The Peterson Research has high yields as its primary 
goal, however they are also researching several high-protein 
types. They recently entered into an agreement with Mico 
Inc., the seed and export division of Hasenwinkle Grain 
Co., Bloomington, Illinois. As announced in the last issue of 
Soybean Digest, Mico will have the exclusive export rights 
to improved food-type soybeans coming out of the Peterson 
research program.
 “Northrup King & Co. began a breeding program in the 
spring of 1969. ‘The yields may increase 20% to 25% in 10 
years due to better varieties,’ says Dr. E.H. Rinke, director 
of research. ‘Actually U.S. yields may increase more due to 
the improved cultural practices. The more people involved in 
breeding, the greater the opportunity for improved yields,’ he 
says.
 “A farmer-owned cooperative, Felco of Fort Dodge, 
Iowa reports that they are considering establishing a breeding 

=== PAGE 137 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   137
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
program in the near future. ‘We don’t employ a soybean 
breeder, but we have a survey underway at the present time 
that will give us direction in this area,’ says Fred Gosch, 
manager of the Felco soil service department.
 “At least one large seed company, Dekalb Agricultural 
Assn., indicates that they have no immediate plans to begin 
a soybean breeding program. But, passage of breeders rights 
laws would undoubtedly interest other companies.
 “There will undoubtedly be expanded soybean research 
programs by many other concerns like Roy A. Martin & 
Sons Inc. of Bowen, Illinois. Martin & Sons and Louis 
Bellatti of Mt. Pulaski, Ill., recently introduced Morton 333 
with phytophthora root rot tolerance.
 “Bellatti, a farmer-breeder, has released a variety with 
narrow leaf canopy at the top to better utilize light.
 “Some wait for legislation: Some companies are waiting 
on the sidelines for protective legislation. Acco Seed of 
Belmond, Iowa, is an example. ‘We don’t employ a soybean 
breeder but will probably expand research programs to 
include soybeans when variety protection is an accomplished 
fact,’ says Harold Loden of Acco.
 “Loden sees the future of basic soybean breeding 
research to be continued by public agencies, and applied 
research to be handled by private breeders. ‘But goals of 
both public and private breeders must be the same–that of 
serving the farmer,’ Loden says.
 “Based on survey responses from 23 directors of 
research of commercial companies, Loden believes there 
will be a change in the emphasis of private research when 
a legal system of variety protection is available. Ten of the 
ﬁ rms surveyed are already in soybean breeding and all said 
they would expand their breeding program under a system of 
variety protection.
 “Of the 13 answering the questionnaire who are not 
engaged in soybean research now, seven said they would 
start programs when variety protection is available, one 
indicated some interest and only ﬁ ve said they had no 
interest in soybean research.
 “It looks like there will be many more varieties to 
choose from in the years ahead–especially if variety 
protection laws are passed.
 “This could make the 1970’s the decade of breakthrough 
soybean varieties–and maybe the ﬁ rst hybrid.”
 A half-page graph (p. 27) shows percentage “change 
in production per acre” (1934-1968) for (from fastest to 
slowest) sorghum, corn, wheat, rice, and soybeans. Sorghum 
increased about 280%, Soybeans about 40%.
424. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1970. Big day at Boone 
Valley (Photo caption). June 25. p. 1.
• Summary: This photo shows many men, wearing hard 
hats, lined up along both sides of railroad tracks, each man 
with one foot on the track. In the background is the new, tall 
soybean solvent extraction plant.
 “Monday [June 22] was a big day at Boone Valley, 
marking the end of more than 6 months of rebuilding 
from the Dec. 19 [1969] explosion, which knocked much 
of the plant out of production. On hand to switch on the 
soybean oil extraction operation” were members of Boone 
Valley management and the board of directors. “At left 
are Keith V oigt, general manager, and Charles Loux, plant 
superintendent.” At right are Ralph A. Olson of Ellsworth 
and members of the board, whose names are given. French 
Oil Mill Machinery Co. installed the solvent extraction 
equipment.
425. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1970. Boone Valley soy 
plant running again. June 25. p. 1.
• Summary: Six months and one week after the explosion on 
Dec. 19 destroyed its plant, Boone Valley is almost back to 
full production capacity. “The soybean oil extraction plant 
was switched on Monday morning and is now producing 
soybean meal and oil from about 25,000 bushels (750 tons) 
of beans per day.
 General manager Keith V oigt said it will probably take 
3 or 4 weeks, maybe longer, to reach the full processing 
capacity of 1,500 tons a day. Ofﬁ cials of the Iowa Bureau of 
Labor were on hand for the start-up and “will be observing 
the operation all this week with an eye to safety procedures.”
 Making soybean oil and meal is one half the Boone 
Valley operation. “The other half, the manufacture of 
livestock feeds, was interrupted only a few weeks by the 
Dec. 19 explosion.
 “V oigt said Boone Valley has been manufacturing 1,400 
to 1,500 tons of mixed feed per week since Jan. 1, but has 
been buying all of the soybean meal, a principal ingredient, 
from other processors.”
426. Product Name:  Ultra-Soy (Textured Vegetable 
Protein: Extruded Textured Defatted Soy Flour).
Manufacturer’s Name:  Far-Mar-Co, Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  St. Joseph, MO 64502.
Date of Introduction:  1970 July.
New Product–Documentation:   See next page. Food 
Processing (Chicago). 1970. July, p. 38. “Silent partners 
(for proﬁ ts): Ultra-Soy may prove to be a refreshing...” 
Soybean Digest. 1970. Dec. p. 24. “Formulation for 
vegetable proteins.” Horan et al. 1971. PAG Bulletin 
No. 13. p. 26. “The Farmarco Co. (Kansas, USA). “This 
company manufactures texturized soy food products for 
food processors and institutional use; process used is 
thermoplastic extrusion.”
 Wolf and Cowan. 1971. Soybeans as a food source. p. 
69. Ultra-Soy is textured vegetable protein simulated meats, 
made from defatted soy ﬂ our.
 Soybean Digest Blue Book. 1973. p. 110. Extruded 
textured vegetable proteins. Address is now 960 N. Halstead, 
Hutchinson, Kansas 67501.

=== PAGE 138 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   138
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Horan. 1974. Meat analogs. p. 380. Calls its Ultrasoy.
 Duda. 1974. Vegetable protein meat extenders and 
analogues. p. 81. Far-Mar-Co, Inc. (960 North Halstead, 
Hutchinson, Kansas) now makes Ultra Soy, a textured soy 
protein product.
 Ad in Processed Prepared Foods. 1978. June, p. 68. Says 
Ultra Soy was ﬁ rst introduced in 1968.
 Soya Bluebook. 1981. p. 57. “Ultra-Soy textured soy 
protein.” The company is now Farmland Agriservices, Inc. 
Hutchinson, Kansas.
427. Far-Mar-Co. 1970. Silent partners (for proﬁ ts): Ultra-
Soy may prove to be a refreshing and proﬁ table new partner 
for you (Ad). Food Processing (Chicago). July. p. 38.
• Summary: A photo shows three Ultra-Soy textured soy 
protein products, each on a Liberty silver dollar: Chunks #1, 
Chunks 10-D, and Chiplets. Note: These are textured soy 
ﬂ ours. Address: Foods Div., 960 North Halstead, Hutchinson, 
Kansas 67501. Phone: (316) 663-1571.
428. Food Processing (Chicago). 1970. Plants, laboratories 
[Far-Mar-Co., Inc.]. 31(7):11. July.
• Summary: Far-Mar-Co., Inc. (Hutchinson, Kansas) 
announced the creation of a new foods division, which will 
make specialized ingredient from soybeans and grains.
429. Witham, W.C. 1970. Re: Memorandum–Three items 
of information regarding soybean operations. Letter to 
F.R. Senti, Deputy Administrator, USDA, ARS, NCIUR 
[Nutrition, Consumer, and Industrial Use Research], 
Washington, DC, Aug. 27. 1 p. Typed, without signature 
(carbon copy).
• Summary: While at the annual meeting of the American 
Soybean Association, Dr. Cowan was given the following 
information. (1) Cargill is constructing a plant to 
manufacture textured soy proteins from soy ﬂ our at their 
facility in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. These products will be similar 
to those produced by Swift and ADM. Staley also announced 
its intention to make such products, but may be delayed 
because of a strike that is now 4 weeks old.
 (2) Land O’Lakes has purchased the Felco operations, 
a cooperative in Iowa with one division operating a 700- to 
1000-ton a day soybean processing plant. Note: This is the 
earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) that mentions “Land 
O’Lakes” in connection with soybeans, or that mentions 
Felco (in any connection).
 (3) “The General Mills’ plant at Cedar Rapids has gone 
on-stream for the manufacture of Bac*Os. They expect to be 
making a complete line of Bontrae products shortly before 
or just after Labor Day [the ﬁ rst Monday in September]. The 
latter will be sold to institutions, restaurants, etc. initially.” 
Address: Acting Director of Div., Northern Regional 
Research Lab., Peoria, Illinois.
430. Soybean Digest. 1970. ASA directors of 50 years. Aug. 
p. 39.
• Summary: These directors of the American Soybean Assoc. 
are listed alphabetically by last name: O.H. Acom, Wardell, 
Missouri 1948-64; Howard Adler, Sharpsville, Indiana 1969-
70; W.E. Ayres, Stoneville, Mississippi 1925-29, 1932-33.
 Hubert Baker, Dalton, Illinois 1959-61; G.H. Banks, 
Osceola, Arkansas 1937-38; K.E. Beeson, West Lafayette, 
Indiana 1934-38; Harris Barnes, Clarksdale, Mississippi 
1961-69; Chester B. Biddle, Remington, Indiana 1949-1969; 
C.E. Bowen, Champaign, Illinois 1964-67; G.M. Briggs, 
Madison, Wisconsin 1922-23, 1937-38; J.B. Buchanan, 
Guelph, Ontario, Canada 1928-30; W.L. Burlison, Urbana, 
Illinois 1929-31; John Butterﬁ eld, Pana, Illinois 1956-62; 
Frank Byron, Waseca, Minnesota 1969-70.
 C.E. Carter, Columbia, Missouri 1921-22; Roy 
Chasteen, Crothersville, Indiana 1929-30; G.I. Christie, 
Guelph, Ontario, Canada 1928-29; Harvey S. Clapp, 
Accotink, Virginia 1928-29; H.I. Cohn Sr., St. Louis, 
Missouri 1949-52; Joe Coleman, Clare, Iowa 1967-70; J.S. 
Cutler, Columbus, Ohio 1925-28.
 E.J. Delwiche, Madison, Wisconsin 1925-28; Gilles 
DePutter, Appin, Ontario, Canada 1953-56; Albert Dimond, 
Lovington, Illinois 1951-59; W.R. Dodson, [Louisiana] 
1932-33; John Dries, Saukville, Wisconsin 1940-51; E.S. 
Dyas, Ames, Iowa 1934-36.
 J.B. Edmondson, Clayton, Indiana 1928-29, 1935-49; 
W.C. Ethridge, Columbia, Missouri 1929-31; John Evans, 
Montevideo, Minnesota 1949-69.


=== PAGE 139 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   139
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Milton Farough, Maidstone, Ontario, Canada 1968-70; 
Robert Ford, Merlin, Ontario, Canada 1966-68; Taylor Fouts, 
Camden, Indiana 1926-28; Eugene Funk, Bloomington, 
Illinois 1935-37.
 Frank Garwood, Stonington, Illinois 1946-49; Harry 
Gatton Jr., Rumsey, Kentucky 1959-66; Ben Gildersleeve, 
Hudson, Illinois 1961-67; Thomas Gilmore, Sandersville, 
Georgia. 1935-37; Walter Godchaux, New Orleans, 
Louisiana. 1926-28, 1932-33; John P. Gray, Baton Rouge, 
Louisiana. 1932-35, 1938-40.
 J.C. Hackleman, Urbana, Illinois 1935-37; Joe Hammer, 
Des Moines, Iowa 1960-62; Jacob W. Hartz Sr., Stuttgart, 
Arkansas 1938-49; Jake Hartz Jr., Stuttgart, Arkansas, 1949-
69; Calvin Heilman, Kenton, Ohio 1949-52; E.A. Hollowell, 
Washington, DC. 1930-31; Frank Hoxie, Shenandoah, Iowa 
1967-70; H.H. Huddleston, Lamont, Mississippi 1950-
57; H.C. Hughes, Ames, Iowa 1931-32; Frank W. Hyatt, 
Wheatley, Ontario, Canada 1962-64.
 E.C. Johnson, Stryker, Ohio 1923-25; Joe Johnson, 
Champaign, Illinois 1941-44; A.E. Jolly, Chatham, Ontario, 
Canada 1956-59.
 Harold Keller, Dyersburg, Tennessee 1966-70; Roger 
Killingsworth, Jonesville, Louisiana. 1967-70; Harold 
Kuehn, Du Quoin, Illinois 1967-70.
 F.P. Latham, Belhaven, North Carolina 1925-27; F.C. 
Laughinghouse, Pantego, North Carolina 1967-70; Frank W. 
Lewis, Ursa, Illinois 1962-64; Seeley Lodwick, Wever, Iowa 
1964-69; Lester Longhurst, St. Thomas, Ontario, Canada 
1964-66; J.G. Loo Jr., Baton Rouge, Louisiana. 1932-33; 
Harold Lumsden, Essex, Missouri 1954-57.
 Martin Manning, Ladd, Illinois 1966-70; C.K. 
McClelland, Fayetteville, Arkansas 1928-29, 1932-35; G.G. 
McIlroy, Irwin, Ohio 1938-50; Walter McLaughlin, Decatur, 
Illinois 1943-47; L.C. Meade, West Lafayette, Indiana 1962-
70; C.L. Meharry, Attica, Indiana 1923-26, 1930-35; Wm. 
Merschman, West Point, Iowa, 1969-70; Gerald Michaelson, 
Dawson, Minnesota 1969-70; Roy H. Monier, Carrollton, 
Missouri 1943-44; W.J. Morse, Washington DC. 1923-25, 
1931-32; Glen Myers, Memphis, Missouri 1959-68.
 Stuart D. Ormsby, Belleville, New York 1941-43; W.A. 
Ostrander, Lafayette, Indiana 1920-23.
 J.B. Park, Columbus, Ohio 1930-32, 1936-38; R.H. 
Peck, River Canard, Ontario, Canada 1947-53; Don 
Pemberton, Cape Girardeau, Missouri 1969-70; Joe Pepper, 
Weston, Missouri 1968-70; W.R. Perkins, State College, 
Mississippi 1934-35; LeRoy Pike, Pontiac, Illinois 1948-
56; Harry A. Plattner, Malta Bend, Missouri 1944-48; Wm. 
Prichard, Louisville, Georgia. 1969-70.
 Howard Roach, Plain ﬁ eld, Iowa 1941-67; J.L. Robinson, 
Ames, Iowa 1923-25; Everett Royer, Irwin, Ohio, 1968-70.
 John Sand, Marcus, Iowa 1943-46; John Sawyer, 
London, Ohio 1952-69; Walter M. Scott Jr., Tallulah, 
Louisiana 1957-61; Richard Simcoke, Kennett, Missouri 
1964-69; C.G. Simcox, Assumption, Illinois 1949-61; Chas. 
Simpson, Waterville, Minnesota 1957-69; Gilbert Smith, 
Taylorville, Illinois 1944-46; J.T. Smith, Tolono, Illinois 
1925-26; Richard Smith, Tilbury, Ontario, Canada 1960-
62; Robert Smith, Walnut Ridge, Arkansas 1969-70; L.F. 
Stoner, Holly Bluff, Mississippi 1946-48; Bert S. Strayer, 
Hudson, Iowa 1930-31; George Strayer, Hudson, Iowa 1937-
67; Jeanne Strayer, Hudson, Iowa 1944-46; Hays Sullivan, 
Burdette, Arkansas 1960-70.
 C.W. Tabaka, Ivesdale, Illinois 1926-28; Edward 
Tillman, Caruthersville, Missouri 1952-54; Leslie Tindal, 
Pinewood, South Carolina 1967-70; W.B. Tilson, Plainview, 
Texas 1967-70; Lyle Trisler, Fairmont, Illinois 1961-66.
 W.W. Wallace, Woodslee, Ontario, Canada 1959-60; 
Ersel Walley, Fort Wayne, Indiana 1941-62; P.A. Webber, 
Madison, Tennessee 1933-35; W.G. Weigle, Van Wert, 
Ohio 1946-49; R.G. Wiggins, Ithaca, New York 1937-38; 
F.S. Wilkins, Ames, Iowa 1925-26, 1929-30; Harry D. 
Wilson, [Baton Rouge, Louisiana] 1932-33; David G. Wing, 
Mechanicsburg, Ohio 1940-68; John Wing, Mechanicsburg, 
Ohio 1969-70; LaVerne Workman, Chatham, Illinois 1967-
70.
 Note: These directors come from only 16 U.S. states 
plus Ontario, Canada. Illinois has the most directors with 21, 
followed by Iowa with 14 and Indiana with 10.
431. Courier News (The)( Blytheville, Arkansas). 1970. 
‘Riceland Foods’ is easy to remember. Sept. 1. p. 18.
• Summary: “Why would any enterprise want to change its 
name after 50 years?
 “Riceland Foods is a clear and simple example of the 
reason.
 “During the last half century, 20 af ﬁ liated production, 
processing and marketing organization have grown up 
together, They exist under long names, like The Arkansas 
Rice Growers Cooperative Association, the Arkansas Grain 
Corporation, the Stuttgart Grain Drying Cooperative.
 “If you asked an executive of one of the marketing 
organizations, ‘Who are you?’, he would have to spend half 
an hour telling you about the two parent organizations and 
the 18 afﬁ liated cooperatives and how they are operated as 
one farmer-owned enterprise.
 “In 1969. the decision was reached to search for a new 
name. The public relations agency selected for the job picked 
a dozen or more names and researched half this number. The 
name, which 97½ per cent of the people remembered, was 
Riceland Foods.
 “The name embraces a product name established 
worldwide and it’s easy to remember. With the name 
Riceland Foods adopted an accompanying trademark with 
bright colors to make it easy to identify the millions of 
packages shipped around the world.”
 A photo shows: “Riceland Foods’ Helena [Arkansas] 
soybean processing plant, built in 1963, has a capacity of 
50,000 bushels a day.” This plant borders the Mississippi 

=== PAGE 140 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   140
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
River.
432. Courier News (The)( Blytheville, Arkansas). 1970. New, 
$2 million home for Riceland Foods. Sept. 1. p. 18.
• Summary: “One visible and lasting sign of the progress 
made by Riceland Foods, during the ﬁ rst 50 years of its 
operations is the new 56,000 square foot headquarters 
building, which is located in the southeastern area of 
Stuttgart. The new building will be ofﬁ cially opened during 
the dedication ceremony, on Sept. 3, 1970, at Stuttgart.
 “The new facility will provide headquarters for the 20 
corporations, which comprise the Riceland Foods complex.
 “The newly completed facility, including the building, 
furnishings, land and landscaping, cost $2 million. ‘We 
asked the architect (Wittenberg, Delony & Davidson, Inc., 
of Little Rock) to design a building oriented to present day 
agriculture, which would be completely functional,’ said 
L.C. Carter, executive vice president and general manager 
of Riceland Foods. A part of the building’s decorations 
will consist of eight-foot-square photographic murals 
depicting the company’s wide scope of operations. The 
building will house approximately 125 employees. The 
present headquarters, located in downtown Stuttgart, will be 
converted to warehousing and packing facility space.
 “Wittenberg, Delony & Davidson, Little Rock, is the 
architectural ﬁ rm that designed and supervised construction 
of the new Riceland Foods building.
 “Fred Arnold, project architect, commented on the good 
working relationship that the architectural ﬁ rm had enjoyed 
with the management of Riceland Foods. ‘This comfortable 
relationship has enabled us to render Riceland Foods 
thoroughly professional service, from the conception of the 
new building until its completion.’
 “The building, according to L.C. Carter, executive vice 
president and general manager of Riceland Foods, ‘can 
easily accommodate expected growth for the next ﬁ ve years, 
probably even 10 years, without becoming obsolete.’
 “Jack See, designer of the building, has followed 
the concept of total design–interior and exterior. He has 
coordinated carpets, drapes, and ofﬁ ce furniture. ‘The 
building is a unit–an orderly, efﬁ cient, well-designed and 
efﬁ cient unit,’ noted See.”
 A large photo shows an aerial view of the building.
433. Baxter Bulletin (Mountain Home, Arkansas). 1970. 
Riceland Foods has anniversary. Sept. 10. p. 30.
• Summary: “Riceland Foods, the agricultural marketing 
organization that accounts for over one-ﬁ fth of Arkansas’ 
total agricultural sales, celebrated its 50th anniversary at 
Stuttgart on September 3. The occasion was highlighted by 
a visit from Secretary of Agriculture Clifford M. Hardin, 
Gov. Winthrop Rockefeller and members of the state’s 
Congressional delegation who participated in dedication 
ceremonies for Riceland Foods’ $2 million headquarters 
building.
 “Riceland Foods is the new trade name adopted last 
month for the cooperative complex made up of The Arkansas 
Rice Growers Cooperative Association, The Arkansas Grain 
Corporation, and the 18 afﬁ liated grain drying cooperatives 
in eastern Arkansas.
 “At the organizations’ annual meeting, executive vice 
president and general manager, L. Clyde Carter, reported that 
gross sales and services during the ﬁ scal year ending July 31 
had, for the ﬁ rst time, exceeded $200 million, which is over 
20% of the total agricultural sales for the state.
 “’The total receipts of grain, from the 1969-70 crop, 
were approximately 70 million bushels,’ Carter said. ‘This 
was 19 million more than the total receipts of rice for the 
ﬁ rst 25 years of our history. During the past 25 years, we 
have returned, to our members, over $100 million above the 
average Arkansas price on rice and soybeans.’
 “Carter reported that the current value of all of Riceland 
Foods’ facilities is over $108 million. These facilities include 
70 million bushels of storage, four rice mills, three soybean 
processing plants, reﬁ neries, hydrogenation and winterization 
plants, packaging machinery, and a marketing system to 
distribute the products of more than 25,000 members.”
434. Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association. 
1970. New and expanded facilities (Ad). Soybean Digest. 
Sept. p. 33.
• Summary: “Now ready to serve feed manufacturers, local 
cooperatives, and farmers with our new 1500 ton per day 
soybean processing plant. Co-op 44% Protein Soybean Meal. 
Co-op High-Protein Soybean Meal. Co-op mixed feeds and 
ingredients.
 “Owned by 120 local cooperatives in Iowa.” Keith 
M. V oigt is general manager. Address: Eagle Grove, Iowa. 
Phone: 515-448-4711.
435. Riceland Foods. 1970. A new name–and new horizons 
of opportunity (Ad). Soybean Digest. Sept. p. 9.
• Summary: Arkansas Grain Corporation is now named 
Riceland Foods. Note: This is the earliest document seen 
(Nov. 2021) that mentions “Riceland Foods.” Address: 
Riceland Foods, P.O. Box 926, Stuttgart, Arkansas.
436. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1970. Honeymead 
ﬁ re (Photo caption). Dec. 5.
• Summary: This large photo shows several tall storage 
tanks where Mankato ﬁ reﬁ 
 ghters battled a blaze on Friday 
for more than 2 hours, starting at 7 p.m., at the Honeymead 
Products Co., 814 Minneopa Road. The ﬁ re, which involved 
3 tanks, is thought to have started when heat from steam 
pipes ignited oil-soaked insulation surrounding the pipes.
437. Soybean Digest. 1970. Formulation for vegetable 
proteins. Dec. p. 24.

=== PAGE 141 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   141
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
• Summary: Formulations are now available from Far-
Mar-Co. Inc. (Hutchinson, Kansas) for the use of Ultra-Soy 
textured vegetable protein products in a wide variety of 
commercial meat products.
438. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Land O’ Lakes.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Sheldon, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1970.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, 
Daniel H. 1971. “Growth of cottonseed and soybean 
processing cooperatives.” USDA Farmer Cooperative 
Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 p. July. See p. 9. Table 
4 lists 13 “Cooperative soybean processing associations 
operating in 1970.” 3. Farmers Regional Cooperative (Fort 
Dodge, Iowa, Big 4 Division). (Sheldon, Iowa, 1943). 
Footnote: Big 4 Cooperative Processing merged with 
Farmers Regional in 1967. In 1970 Farmers Regional merged 
with Land O’Lakes.
439. Missouri Farmers Association. 1970. Fire or explosion 
in solvent extraction plant. Mexico, Missouri.
• Summary: Kingsbaker, C. Louis. 2005. “List of ﬁ res and 
explosions in extraction plants.” Atlanta, Georgia. 3 p. Aug. 
4. Unpublished manuscript.
 Letter (e-mail) from Joe Givens with more basic 
information about explosion or ﬁ re. 2005. Aug. 8. 
Magnitude: 8 (where 10 is the most severe). Address: 
Mexico, Missouri.
440. Horan, F.E.; Odell, A.D.; Forman, M.J. 1971. Textured 
vegetable proteins. P AG Bulletin (Protein Advisory Group, 
WHO / F AO / UNICEF) 2(1):22-26. Winter. No. 13.
• Summary: This paper was compiled from background 
documents presented by the authors at the 18th PAG [Protein 
Advisory Group] meeting held on 9-12 Feb. 1971 at Rome, 
Italy. Contents: Introduction. Spun monoﬁ lament products. 
Extrusion-expansion products (currently marketed at about 
$0.45/lb). General considerations. Case studies: Thailand 
(ADM’s TVP), Brazil (Swift & Co.’s textured meat analogs), 
India (Swift & Co., ditto). Textured vegetable protein 
products: Fibroprotein–Spun Protein Fibers (Worthington 
Foods Div., Ohio), Textured Edi-Pro (Ralston Purina Co., 
Missouri), Texgran (Swift & Co., Illinois), Bontrae (General 
Mills, Minnesota; spun vegetable protein products), Carne 
Vegetal (Industria e Comercio de Productos Alimenticios 
Vegetal Ltd., Brazil). LiveLong–VP (Nisshin Flour Milling 
Co. Ltd., Japan; a wheat gluten extract in the form of a dried 
or frozen mincemeat-like product. “It seems to be made by 
a ﬁ lament extrusion process using isolated wheat gluten 
protein”). The Farmarco Co. (Far-Mar Co., Kansas), The Fuji 
Oil Co. (Japan; thermoplastic extrusion), and Shefa Protein 
Foods Ltd. (Israel) each manufactures texturized soy food 
products by thermoplastic extrusion.
 Introduction: “The chief virtue of the individual 
members of this new class of foods rests in their ability to 
supply precisely reproducible balanced dietary inputs of 
essential amino acids with greatly enhanced agronomic 
efﬁ ciency and with high consumer acceptance... At the 
moment two broad classes of meat analogues are apparent. 
The extrusion–expansion products sell for US 10-15¢ per 
pound; the spun monoﬁ lament products sell at present in the 
USA for 20-25% less than meats, but are still too expensive 
to be of interest for developing countries.”
 “General considerations: Meat analogs do not appear 
to have a negative connotation to vegetarians; there are 
many examples of eager acceptance of meat analogs by 
such groups. The textured protein approach is also a stride 
forward in food efﬁ ciency, since conversion of soy to animal 
protein averages about 7% efﬁ ciency.”
 “Over the past few years US/AID has entered into 
contracts with twelve different U.S. commercial companies 
to investigate and evaluate low-cost proprietary protein 
products in some ten developing countries.”
 Note: This is the earliest English-language document 
seen (Dec. 2004) that uses the word “Fibroprotein” to refer 
to edible spun soy protein ﬁ ber. Address: 1. ADM, Decatur, 
Illinois; 2. General Mills, Minneapolis, Minnesota.
441. Soybean Digest. 1971. East Europe given top priority 
[by American Soybean Institute]. May. p. 24-25.
• Summary: Note: In June 1969 the American Soybean 
Institute replaced the Soybean Council of America.
 “The following is from Chet Randolph’s progress report 
on current and projected programs of the American Soybean 
Institute:
 1. East Europe. East Europe will be given top priority as 
a new area of market development by ASI.
 “Oil technician Robert M. Starr, until recently with 
Honeymead Products Co. at Mankato, Minnesota, was in 
Yugoslavia in January to follow up on a 60,000-ton sale of 
soy oil. His trip was sponsored by ASI and FAS [USDA’s 
Foreign Agricultural Service].
 “Dr. Starr had seven seminars in various parts of the 
country and visited four plants. Attendance was excellent. 
The processing people were eager for technical information 
on how to handle soy oil in order to improve its quality. They 
had learned that soy oil takes different handling than sun oil. 
The Yugoslav ﬁ rms bought 60,000 metric tons of soy oil and 
will likely buy more.
 “Dr. Starr’s 2 weeks in Yugoslavia had a major impact 
on the industry and will result in material improvement of 
their reﬁ ning technique.
 “However, the Yugoslavs need improved re ﬁ ning 
equipment. Apparently we have a job getting to the top 
government level to get the foreign currency allocation local 

=== PAGE 142 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   142
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
processing plants need in order to get equipment.
 “We will participate in a seminar at the large fair in 
Novi Sad, Yugoslavia, in May, The emphasis will be on hog 
and poultry nutrition. I plan to go in advance to make sure 
everything is in order for the seminar and to make contacts 
with leaders in Yugoslavia as well as leaders from Hungary 
and Romania who are expected to attend. We will try to 
determine how we may move in a stepped-up program in 
Yugoslavia in the coming year.
 “2. Mexico. I was in Mexico in mid-February as a 
follow-through on contacts made last year and to ﬁ rm up 
plans for two tours of small teams from Mexico to the U.S., 
also for two or three U.S. technicians to go to Mexico.
 “The marketing division of the Iowa Department of 
Agriculture has volunteered to handle many of the details of 
these Mexican teams while they are in Iowa. The Iowa State 
Fair is featuring Mexico this year and work is being done in 
the trade area so this ﬁ ts in. We’re awaiting FAS approval to 
implement the activities.
 “3. Cooperation with USFGC. ASI has been cooperating 
in many ways with the U.S. Feed Grains Council including 
frequent cooperation in Japan, the lean pork program in 
Italy, the visit of the Taiwan feed team, which was jointly 
sponsored, and the feed short course coming in June.
 “Staff members of the two organizations both in the 
U.S. and abroad have been meeting to discuss further areas 
of cooperation. There is no thought of a merger anywhere 
but there is no doubt such cooperation is beneﬁ cial to the 
American farmer.
 “4. Program in Japan. Miss Kojima of our Tokyo 
ofﬁ ce has been asked to play a vital role at the International 
Association of Seed Crushers Congress in Japan in 1972. 
She will accompany Mr. Y . Sakaguchi, president of the 
Japan Oilseed Processors Assn. and a top coordinator in our 
program, to the IOASC meeting in Copenhagen this year to 
learn more about the many details of such a large Congress, 
her expenses being paid by JOPA.
 “Karl Sera, ASI feed specialist at Tokyo, has been 
asked by the Japanese Ministry of Agriculture and the Dairy 
Congress to act as an interpreter-counselor for a dairy team 
coming to the U.S. from Japan.
 “Karl is the most quali ﬁ ed man for the job since he is a 
dairy science graduate of Iowa State University, he managed 
a dairy herd high in the Japanese mountains for several years, 
and was herdsman on an Illinois dairy farm for 2 years.
 “It is a rare opportunity for Karl to establish a working 
relationship with the top government-industry dairy leaders 
of Japan. They are paying all their own expenses and Karl’s 
expenses as well.
 “A new magazine has been added to the pr [public 
relations] campaign in Japan. It is aimed at women with 
children 3 to 6 years old and will reach about 800,000 
homes.
 “ASA black-and-white ads will feature the nutritive 
value of soy salad oil, margarine, shortening, and other soy 
foods. When opportunity arises, other U.S. cooperators will 
feature meat, milk, and fruit items. Vegetable oil margarine 
and cooking oil are being spotlighted in the May issue.
 “Contracts have been signed with the Japan Oilseed 
Processors Assn. and the Hakuhodo Advertising Agency for 
mass media and pr in Japan for another year. This is by far 
the largest single program in Japan or any country.
 “5. Germany. Dr. Karl N. Fangauf, our German country 
director, wrote a bulletin on soybean meal versus ﬁ sh meal, 
which has been well received in Germany. The German Oil 
Millers Assn. asked permission to reprint 5,000 more copies 
of the bulletin for wide distribution.
 “Following a livestock feeding seminar in Vienna, 
Austria, 4,000 copies of a talk on soybean meal versus ﬁ sh 
meal are being distributed by the Austrian Extension Service 
in that country.
 “ASI and the Austrian Ministry of Agriculture have 
jointly sponsored this seminar for some time.”
 Small portrait photos show: (1) Karl Sera, looking 
serious. (2) Miss Y . Kojima, looking happy.
442. Wolf, Walter J. 1971. Re: Soy protein concentrate 
plant. Letter to Wayne Henry, Far-Mar-Co, Inc., 960 North 
Halstead, Hutchinson, Kansas 67501, July 6. 1 p. Typed, 
without signature (carbon copy).
• Summary: Dr. Wolf encloses two reprints dealing with 
the composition of whey solids, as requested. He adds a 
handwritten note at the bottom: “Henry said that EMI is 
setting up a plant for them for preparation of soy protein 
concentrates by alcohol extraction.”
 Note: On Aug. 31, Dr. Henry called A.C. Eldridge at 
Peoria and enquired about patents on the use of alcohol for 
producing protein concentrates. “Apparently Far-Mar-Co is 
building a three million dollar concentrate plant and planning 
to use isopropyl alcohol.” Address: Head, Meal Products 
Investigations, Oilseed Crops Lab. [Northern Regional 
Research Lab., Peoria, Illinois].
443. Perdue, Elmer J.; McVey, Daniel H. 1971. Growth of 
cottonseed and soybean processing cooperatives. USDA 
Farmer Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 75. 82 p. 
July. [9 ref]
• Summary: Soybean cooperatives’ percentage of the total 
U.S. soybean crush rose from 3.8% in 1949 to 15.2% in 
1968. In 1968-69 roughly 15% of the soybeans grown in 
America were marketed through cooperative oil mills. 
Returns to patrons [farmers] of cooperative soybean mills 
during these 21 crushing seasons amounted to $51 million, or 
7.5 cents per bushel.
 “Cooperative soybean and cottonseed mills have 
held joint annual conferences since 1955. An outstanding 
accomplishment of these conferences was the organization 
in 1962 of Soy-Cot Sales, Inc., Des Plaines, Illinois. 

=== PAGE 143 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   143
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
This coordinated joint sales agency markets products 
manufactured by 22 member mills.” Cooperative mills are 
expected to move toward production of soybean ﬂ our and 
cottonseed ﬂ our for use in human food.
 Cooperative activity with soybeans began when soybean 
producers (farmers) in western Kentucky and eastern Indiana 
formed the Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative and built the 
ﬁ rst cooperative soybean plant at Henderson, Kentucky, 
in 1940-41. “This was an effort to increase bean prices, to 
encourage production by offering another market, and to 
have a source of high protein feed for livestock. During 
and immediately following World War II, it became almost 
impossible for soybean producers to obtain soybean meal 
either as meal or in the form of mixed feeds. To alleviate this 
situation, they built cooperative mills...
 “Between 1940 and 1949, soybean producers 
constructed 21 soybean mills–19 of them from 1940 to 1945. 
These plants were in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, 
Iowa, Wisconsin, Kansas, and Missouri. During the period 
1950 to 1970, eight cooperatives constructed or acquired 10 
mills. These were in Minnesota, Missouri, Arkansas, and 
Georgia in areas where bean production has been increasing 
rapidly.
 “Thus between 1940 and 1970, 29 cooperatives built 
or acquired 31 processing plants. In 1970, 13 of these 
cooperatives were still in operation with 15 crushing plants... 
All the early plants were small and were built for the primary 
purpose of serving as a source of high protein feed. Most of 
them had a capacity of only 10 to 50 tons a day.
 “By the early 1950’s, larger plants had been constructed 
and protein was more readily available through commercial 
channels. As the situation became more competitive, the 
small plants (many of them poorly located) found they could 
not produce and sell meal at competitive prices without 
operating at a loss. By the mid-1950’s many of them had 
closed and by 1960 most had ceased operation.
 “Only three screw press plants were operating in 1970; 
each one processing only 40 to 50 tons a day. The other 12 
plants were large solvent plants ranging in capacity from 250 
to 1,700 tons a day. Most of the recently constructed plants 
have a daily capacity of about 1,500 tons” (p. 8-10).
 Table 4 (p. 9) lists 13 “Cooperative soybean processing 
associations operating in 1970,” together with the plant 
location and the year the “plant was built or acquired.” The 
headquarters is listed if it is different from the plant location. 
The earliest is the Farmers Grain Dealers Assoc. (FGDA), 
Des Moines, Iowa, Soybean Division; plant at Mason City, 
Iowa, built in 1943. It was originally located at Manly, Iowa 
(1943-51), moved to Mason City in 1951, and merged with 
FGDA in 1967. Note 1. The original name was North Iowa 
Cooperative Processing Association, and the manager was 
Glenn Pogeler from 1943 to 1964.
 The associations (companies) are: 1. FGDA, started 
1943. 2. Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Assoc. 
(Eagle Grove, Iowa, started 1943). 3. Farmers Regional 
Cooperative, Fort Dodge, Iowa, Big 4 Division (Sheldon, 
Iowa, 1943; Big 4 Cooperative Processing Assoc. merged 
with Farmers Regional in 1967. In 1970, Farmers Regional 
merged with Land O’Lakes). Note: We can say that on 1 
April 1970, Land O’Lakes began operating the soybean 
processing plant at Sheldon, Iowa.
 4. West Bend Elevator Co. (West Bend, Iowa, 1943). 
5. Farmers Cooperative Assoc. (Ralston, Iowa, 1944). 6. 
Missouri Farmers Assoc., Columbia, Missouri, Soybean 
Div. (Mexico, Missouri, 1946). 7. Producers Cooperative 
Assoc. (Girard, Kansas, 1948). 8. Dawson Mills (Dawson, 
Minnesota, 1951). 9. Arkansas Grain Corp. (Stuttgart, 
Arkansas, 1958). 10. Farmland Industries, Kansas City, 
Missouri, Soybean Processing Div. (Van Buren, Arkansas, 
1960; Farmland Industries acquired Co-op Processing Assoc. 
in 1968). 11. Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association, 
St. Paul, Minnesota, Honeymead Products Div. (Mankato, 
Minnesota, 1960). 12. Far-Mar-Co, Hutchinson, Kansas 
(St. Joseph, Missouri, 1963). 13 Gold Kist, Inc., Atlanta, 
Georgia, Gold Kist Soy Div. (Valdosta, Georgia, 1968).
 Table 5 (p. 10) lists 13 “Cooperative soybean processing 
plants that had ceased operations as of 1970.” “1. Ohio 
Valley Soybean Cooperative (Henderson, Kentucky, 1940). 
2. Coshocton Farmers Exchange (Coshocton, Ohio, 1943). 
3. Ohio Farm Bureau Cooperative Assoc., Columbus, 
Ohio (Springﬁ eld, Ohio 1943). 4. Farmers Cooperative 
Elevator (Martelle, Iowa, 1943). 5. Farmers Cooperative 
Company (Dike, Ohio [sic, Iowa], 1943). 6. Indiana Farm 
Bureau Cooperative Assn., Indianapolis, Indiana (Danville, 
Indiana, 1943; Wabash, Indiana, 1944; Vincennes, Indiana, 
1944; Rushville, Indiana, 1945). 7. Alhambra Grain and 
Feed Company (Alhambra, Illinois, 1944). 8. Consumers 
Cooperative Association, Kansas City, Missouri (Coffeyville, 
Kansas, 1945). 9. Jersey Shore Cooperative Soybean 
Association (Jersey Shore, Pennsylvania, 1945). 10. 
Northwest Co-op Mills, St. Paul, Minnesota (Menomonie, 
Wisconsin, 1945). 11. Farmers Cooperative Elevator 
(Hubbard, Iowa, 1945). 12. Farmers Cooperative Elevator 
Association (Blooming Prairie, Minnesota, 1950). 13. 
Halstad Elevator Company (Halstad, Minnesota, 1956).”
 Table 6 (p. 11) shows: “Soybeans crushed and percent of 
U.S. total crushed by cooperative mills, selected years 1949-
68.” The number of U.S. cooperatives crushing soybeans 
decreased from 19 in 1949 to only 13 in 1968. But the 
amount of soybeans crushed by these cooperatives increased 
from 7.37 million bu in 1949 (3.8% of total soybeans 
crushed) to 92.13 million in 1968 (15.2% of total crushed).
 Photos show: (1) Soybean processing plant of Gold Kist 
Inc. (formerly Cotton Producers Assoc.) at Valdosta, Georgia 
(p. 12). (2) “Loading dock area of modern warehouse at 
Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Assoc., Eagle Grove, 
Iowa. This association operates a truck ﬂ eet for receiving 
soybeans from local elevators and shipping meal” (p. 55).

=== PAGE 144 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   144
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Note 2. This is the earliest document seen (June 2005) 
that mentions Gold Kist in connection with soybeans. 
Address: USDA Farmer Cooperative Service.
444. Laine, Iris Coyn. 1971. Soy goes to school. School 
Lunch Journal 35(7):41-43. July/Aug.
• Summary: “On February 22, 1971, USDA authorized the 
use of textured vegetable protein, fortiﬁ ed with vitamins 
and minerals, to meet part of the minimum requirement of 
two ounces of cooked meat for the Type A school lunch.” 
Discusses: What this means: Main dishes, sandwiches. 
What are textured vegetable proteins? Look and taste. 
Nutritional content. What products are available? Want more 
information? Contact the Food Protein Council. The nine 
regular members of the Council are listed: ADM, Cargill, 
Central Soya Co, Far-Mar-Co, Grifﬁ th Laboratories, Miles 
Laboratories, Ralston Purina Co., A.E. Staley Manufacturing 
Co., and Swift Chemical Co.
 “For schools that prepare their own foods, there are 
several recipes in USDA’s ‘Quantity Recipes for Type 
A School Lunches’, that are ideal for including textured 
vegetable protein products.” The names of ten main dishes 
(with the USDA Card No. for each) and 2 sandwiches are 
given. A photo shows three school lunch dishes which 
include textured vegetable proteins: Hamburger, sloppy 
joe, and spaghetti sauce. Address: Foodservice Relations 
Director, Food Protein Council.
445. Witham, W.C. 1971. New soy protein concentrate 
plant licenses NMN patent. Notes from the Director of the 
Northern Division (Peoria, Illinois) No. 1045. p. 2. Sept. 17.
• Summary: “Far-Mar-Co ofﬁ cials visited OC [Oilseed 
Crops] and ED [Engineering and Development Laboratory] 
on September 9 to discuss alcohol extraction and ﬂ ash 
desolventizing of defatted soybean meal. Far-Mar-Co. 
(organized from four marketing cooperatives) plans to 
build a plant at Hutchinson, Kansas, to produce protein 70 
concentrate. The process to be used in this 3 million dollar 
plant will be based on our U.S. Patent 3,268,503, ‘Method of 
Preparing Edible Soybean Characterize by Greatly Enhanced 
Water Absorption,’ by G.C. Mustakas and E.L. Grifﬁ n (ED). 
The Department has issued Far-Mar-Co. a nonexclusive 
license. Engineering Management, Inc. [EMI], Des Plaines, 
Illinois, will be designing and building the plant installation.
 “Far-Mar-Co. now has an extrusion-cooking plant in 
operation, producing textured soy protein; marketing of this 
product has been quite successful and sales are going very 
well. In November 1968, 5 months after this organization 
was formed, Far-Mar-Co. ofﬁ cials visited us to explore 
possible diversiﬁ cation into more proﬁ table end products.”
 Note 1. NMN probably stands for Northern Marketing 
and Nutrition Division–according to Dr. Walter Wolf who 
worked there for many years. It was later called Northern 
Regional Research Center (Peoria, Illinois). Note 2. Attached 
to this document is a business card from Floyd K. Shoup, 
Ph.D., Group Leader of Far-Mar-Co., Inc., Research Center, 
Hutchinson, Kansas. Address: Acting Director.
446. Food Processing (Chicago). 1971. What can textured 
vegetable protein mean in your formulation? Far-Mar-Co’s 
Dr. Wayne Henry and his laboratory staff will be happy to 
explore the possibilities of Ultra-Soy in your products (Ad). 
Sept. p. 41.
• Summary: A photo shows Dr. Wayne Henry. Note: He 
earned a PhD in food science from Michigan State Univ. 
in 1962. Worked at Carnation Research as a group leader 
starting in 1962. Address: Foods Div., Far-Mar-Co, Inc., 960 
North Halstead, Hutchinson, Kansas 67501. Phone: (316) 
663-1571.
447. Food Processing (Chicago). 1971. Textured vegetable 
protein in school lunch program: Reduces ingredient cost for 
meat dishes up to 20 per cent. Autumn. p. F4-F9. Foods of 
Tomorrow section.
• Summary: A major, comprehensive cover story with 3 
color photos and one black-and-white photo. Discusses: 
“Textured vegetable protein” [textured soy ﬂ our], “hydrated 
vegetable proteins,” “products fabricated from spun 
ﬁ bers,” “spun protein products,” “extruded and expanded 
products,” FNS Notice 219 (by USDA’s Food & Nutrition 
Service), “vegetable protein ingredients,” spun vegetable 
protein–Bontrae from General Mills, Temptein from Miles 
Laboratories, “granular soy concentrate” [from Swift & Co.], 
Promosoy SL from Central Soya, Mira-tex 210-1 from A.E. 
Staley Manufacturing Co., unﬂ avored textured vegetable 
protein from ADM, Ultra-Soy from Far-Mar-Co, and Patty-
Pro from Grifﬁ th Laboratories.
 Note: This is the earliest English-language document 
seen (Nov. 2015) that contains the term “granular soy 
concentrate.” It refers to a type of extruded textured soy 
ﬂ our.
448. Free, W. Joe. 1971. The future of the South in the 
soybean processing industry, 1975. Southern Cooperative 
Series, Bulletin No. 168. 80 p. Nov. [30 ref]
449. Soybean Digest. 1971. What’s ahead for soy protein? 
Nov. p. 11-13.
• Summary: Discusses the work of the Food Protein Council, 
established this year as an autonomous organization within 
the National Soybean Processors Association. “The goal of 
the new FPC is to centralize promotion of edible vegetable 
protein for use in human food.” The focus in 1972 will be 
on the school foodservice market, plus the institutional and 
commercial restaurant market. “The Food Protein Council, 
like its parent association, the National Soybean Processors 
Assn., is managed by Smith, Bucklin & Associates Inc... 
Member companies of the Council are: Archer Daniels 

=== PAGE 145 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   145
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Midland Co.; Cargill Inc.; Central Soya Co. Inc.; Far-Mar-
Co, Inc.; Grifﬁ th Laboratories; Miles Laboratories Inc.; 
Ralston Purina Co.; A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co.; and 
Swift Chemical Co.”
450. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Land O’Lakes.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Ft. Dodge, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1971.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Dunn, John R. 1981. “Re: 
History of U.S. cooperative soybean processors.” Letter to 
William Shurtleff at Soyfoods Center. 3 p. Land O’Lakes 
started operating a soybean crushing plant in Fort Dodge, 
Iowa, in 1971.
451. Product Name:  Lecithin.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Riceland Foods Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Home ofﬁ ce: 2120 S. Park Ave., 
Stuttgart, AR 72160. Plants in Stuttgart and Helena, Ark.
Date of Introduction:  1971.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Digest Blue Book. 
1971. p. 110.
452. Food Processing (Chicago). 1972. Plants, companies, 
personalities: New Far-Mar-Co plant. June. p. 8.
• Summary: An illustration shows Far-Mar-Co’s prestressed 
concrete building in St. Joseph, Missouri, which has recently 
been completed, with about 30,000 square feet of operating 
space. It will soon be producing a full line of soy grits and 
soy ﬂ our.
453. Far-Mar-Co, Inc., Foods Division. 1972. Formulating 
the new nutrition (Ad). Soybean Digest. Nov. p. 28.
• Summary: The top half of this half-page black-and-
white ad shows a stylized soybean plant rising out of a 
round-bottom beaker. “Far-Mar-Co, internationally known 
merchandiser and grain processor, has committed itself to the 
development of the New Nutrition... natural proteins derived 
from grains.
 “Since the consolidation of four regional grain 
marketing cooperatives which formed Far-Mar-Co. we’ve 
grown into a giant agri-business with assets of over $70 
million. We serve over 300,000 farmers in eight states. Our 
13 terminal elevators have a storage capacity of 100 million 
bushels.”
 “Our multi-million dollar Foods Division is dedicated 
to the development, processing, marketing, and research 
of vegetable proteins. To meet the demands of a booming 
market for meat supplements, we’re conducting research 
on products manufactured from soybeans, wheat, sorghum 
grains, and other agricultural products.” Address: 960 North 
Halstead, Hutchinson, Kansas 67501. Phone: (316) 663-
1571.
454. Dawson Mills. 1972. Fire or explosion in solvent 
extraction plant. Dawson, Minnesota.
• Summary: Kingsbaker, C. Louis. 2005. “List of ﬁ res and 
explosions in extraction plants.” Atlanta, Georgia. 3 p. Aug. 
4. Unpublished manuscript.
 Letter (e-mail) from Joe Givens with more basic 
information about explosion or ﬁ re. 2005. Aug. 8. “This 
explosion was caused by an outside welder who slipped 
into the plant unknown to anyone to make a small weld. He 
had been warned but didn’t appreciate the danger. He was 
the only person in the room. He was standing in the middle 
of the explosion which blew out 4 large explosion relief 
windows and made a heavy steel rectangular ﬂ ake conveyor 
elliptical. He was not injured because he was wearing a 
heavy leather apron, and gloves, goggles, and helmets. About 
$50,000 damage and a week of processing was lost. People 
who have had explosions are reluctant to talk about them.” 
Address: Dawson, Minnesota.
455. Dawson Mills. 1972. Annual report. Dawson, 
Minnesota. 16 p. 22 x 28 cm.
• Summary: The “Manager’s report,” by Joe Givens (p. 1), 
notes that the ﬁ scal year ended 31 Aug. 1972 was one of 
strong growth, following the major additions to facilities 
made in 1971. The volume of soybeans processed increased 
by 37% to almost 11 million bushels, while operating costs 
decreased by 12% per bushel. Soybean oil was in surplus 
and declined in price over the year. “Foreign vegetable 
oils–mostly palm oil, coconut oil and rapeseed oil–have 
consistently been selling at lower prices than soybean oil.” 
Higher soybean meal prices ($8.16/ton over last year) helped 
offset the lower oil prices. “Dawson Mills had net savings 
[proﬁ t] for its patrons of $851,691 or 8½ cents a bushel. 
Although this is down from previous years,” it represents 
a return of 12½% on invested capital. “A total of $470,225 
was paid out in cash following the close of ﬁ scal year. Of 
this amount, $6,146 was stock dividends, $295,000 was 1966 
revolving capital called for redemption, and $169,109 was 
cash patronage refund on this year’s business.”
 Dawson Mills’ total assets are now $11,102,983. Pages 
11-14 contain a detailed description of the pre-processing 
(storage, cleaning drying) and processing of soybeans, and 
the ﬁ nishing of soybean meal, with many black-and-white 
photos. In the report are color photos of Givens, members 
of the board of directors, and some employees. Address: 
Dawson, Minnesota. Phone: 612/769-4386.
456. Snider, Nancy. 1972. Soybean (protein) recipe ideas. 
New York, NY: Arco Publishing Co., Inc. 112 p. Illust. Food 
category / recipe index. 18 cm.
• Summary: Contents: Preface. About this book. Who makes 
what: Archer Daniels Midland Co. (TVP), Central Soya 

=== PAGE 146 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   146
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
(Promosoy), Far-Mar-Co (Ultra-Soy), General Mills, Inc. 
(Bac*os, Bontrae), The Grifﬁ th Laboratories, Inc., Ralston 
Purina Co. (Edi-Pro), A.E. Staley Co. (Mira-Tex), Swift & 
Co. (Texgran), H.B. Taylor Co. (Textrasoy), Worthington 
Foods, Inc. (Fibrotein). The facts about soy protein. Soy 
what? Cooking with soy protein. Cover-ups. Things to do 
with bacon-ﬂ avor soy protein. Soy cooking tips. Breakfast 
ideas. Breakfast put-ons. Appetizers. Soups. Garnishes for 
soups. Entrees. Soy sandwiches. Breads. Desserts. Food 
category / recipe index (within each major food category 
{appetizers, bread, breakfast ideas, desserts, etc.}, recipes are 
listed alphabetically).
457. Lockmiller, N.R. 1973. Increased utilization of protein 
in foods. Cereal Science Today 18(3):77-81. March. [13 ref]
• Summary: Details are given on each type of soy protein 
product and the way each is used. Table 4 gives the price per 
pound for various soy protein foods, the estimated annual 
production in 1972, and the current uses. Soy ﬂ our and grits, 
$0.15-$0.17/lb, 352-500 million pounds produced in 1972. 
Used as ingredients for baked goods, dog foods, sausages.
 Soy protein concentrates, $0.21-$0.25/lb, 40-50 million 
pounds produced. Used in manufacturing textured products. 
Ingredients in processed meats, baby foods, and health foods.
 Soy protein isolates: Regular $0.41-$0.45/lb, modi ﬁ ed 
isolates $0.92-$1.33/lb. Production of both types: 35-40 
million pounds. Regular isolates are used in manufacturing 
analogs such as meatless ham, bacon, hot dogs, etc. Modiﬁ ed 
isolates are used in whipping agents.
 Textured soy protein products: Extruded ﬂ ours, $0.27/
lb and up. Spun isolates $0.50/lb and up. Production of 
both combined: 35-40 million pounds in 1972. Textured 
soy protein products are use in bacon bits, bacon strips and 
similar foods.
 Table 6 shows what companies supply which of the 
following types of edible soy-based ingredients: Soy ﬂ our 
and grits (defatted, low-fat, full-fat), concentrates, isolates, 
spun ﬁ bers, textured soy prod. The companies are ADM 
(soy ﬂ our and grits–defatted, low-fat, and full fat, textured 
soy prod.), Cargill, Central Soya, Far-Mar-Co, General 
Mills, Grifﬁ th Labs, Gurley, Inc., Lauhoff Grain Co., Miles 
(Worthington), National Protein, Ralston Purina, A.E. Staley, 
Swift & Company. Address: A.E. Staley Mfg. Co., Decatur, 
Illinois.
458. Business Week. 1973. Dwayne Andreas’ affair with 
the soybean: he has parlayed the protein-rich legume into a 
major commodity. June 2. p. 54.
• Summary: Andreas has great interest in and hopes for 
TVP, though it presently accounts for only a tiny fraction 
of ADM’s total sales. “Andreas believes its potential as a 
food extender and meat substitute in the U.S. could lead 
to sales of 2.7 billion pounds by 1980. Now ADM has an 
estimated 60% of the business, with the rest produced under 
license. Talks are also under way for ADM to construct TVP 
plants in Brazil and Yugoslavia, an ADM TVP plant is under 
construction in Great Britain and one is in the planning 
stages in Australia.
 “The 55-year-old Andreas seems the very antithesis 
of an entrepreneur... His father, Reuben P. Andreas, was 
farming at Lisbon, Iowa, near Cedar Rapids, when he took 
over a bankrupt country elevator during the Depression and 
ran it as a family enterprise with his four sons. Honeymead 
Products Co. [sic, R.P. Andreas & Son], as it was called, 
bought processed soy meal until 1938, when the 20-year-
old Dwayne persuaded his father to buy the machinery to 
process its own. Honeymead built the plant in Cedar Rapids.
 “In 1945, the Andreases sold the family-owned business 
to another private company, the giant Cargill, Inc., in 
Minneapolis [Minnesota]. For seven years Andreas ran 
Cargill’s soybean business.
 “In 1952, he left Cargill and again set up Honeymead [in 
Mankato, Minnesota], which promptly reentered the soybean 
business in competition with his former employer. Andreas 
and his brothers, Lowell, Albert and Glenn, sold Honeymead 
to the Grain Terminal Association, which operated the 
soybean business of Farmers Union, a large farmer-owned 
co-operative...
 “In 1966, Minneapolitans were startled to learn that he 
had bought an interest in Archer Daniels Midland, an old-line 
family-controlled grain company. With a foothold in ADM, 
which Andreas says he was ‘invited’ to take by the Archer 
family, Andreas began buying ADM stock on the open 
market. Andreas was invited to sit on the board, and became 
chairman of the executive committee in 1968. ‘I knew that 
ADM was a dozen years ahead of everyone else in textured 
vegetable protein research, and I believed that was where 
the important action was going to be,’ Andreas recalls. ‘One 
of the ﬁ rst things I did was to take the edible soy out of the 
lab and construct a plant in Decatur to make all the grades of 
edible soy protein in 1969. When we ﬁ rst built it, we thought 
we had the capacity to make all the product we could sell 
through 1976. We have already doubled production, and are 
short.’”
 A photo shows Dwayne Andreas. The caption: “Andreas 
sees a 2.7-billion-lb soybean market by 1980.”
459. Food Engineering. 1973. New plant for textured 
vegetable protein. 45(8):57. Aug.
• Summary: Construction has begun on the new plant 
which will signiﬁ cantly increase the capacity of Far-Mar-
Co, Inc. (Hutchinson, Kansas) to make Ultra-Soy textured 
vegetable protein. The $2 million expansion is scheduled for 
completion in mid-September, 1973.
460. Ross, Irwin. 1973. Dwayne Andreas’s bean has a heart 
of gold. Fortune. Oct. p. 136-41, 243-45.
• Summary: One of the best articles and histories seen on 

=== PAGE 147 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   147
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Dwayne Andreas and A-D-M. In the 7 years since Andreas 
took over the leadership of A-D-M, he has nearly tripled 
sales (from $371,626,000 in ﬁ scal 1967 to $967,710,000 
in ﬁ scal 1973) and quintupled operating proﬁ ts (from 
$3,225,000 to $16,895,000). Meanwhile, the price of the 
stock has nearly quadrupled.
 Dwayne Andreas was born in 1918, the fourth son in a 
family of 5 boys and a girl. They lived on a 160-acre farm in 
Lisbon, Iowa. “His father, Reuben, came from a Mennonite 
family, and the children were brought up in something akin 
to Mennonite discipline–no movies, no Sunday papers, no 
ball games on Sundays, a surfeit of religious devotions, and 
unending hard work.
 “In 1928, Reuben Andreas was persuaded by the local 
banker to take over a bankrupt grain elevator in Lisbon. The 
whole family worked at the business, and it prospered. After 
graduating from high school, Dwayne went off to Wheaton 
College, in Illinois, for a year and a half and then entered 
the family business. Once a year he would travel 300 miles 
to Decatur, Illinois, to negotiate for his annual supply of 
soybean meal from the A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co. On 
a memorable day in 1938, Staley took him to lunch and 
suggested that the Andreases build a soybean-crushing plant 
in Iowa. Staley pointed out that Iowa farmers were about 
to plant a lot of soybeans; Staley’s people did not want to 
expand geographically, so here was a golden opportunity. 
A few days later, the Andreas family contracted to build a 
factory in Cedar Rapids. Business was excellent...
 “By 1945 the Honeymead Products Co., Inc., was 
earning $150,000 a year after taxes. Dwayne Andreas was by 
now largely running the business, his father having retired 
and his older brother Albert having sold out. Dwayne was 
classiﬁ ed 1A in the draft, and in anticipation of departure 
for the Army he sold the Cedar Rapids plant, and later two 
smaller operations, to Cargill. In the end, Andreas was not 
called up and he found himself the 40 percent owner of a 
corporate shell, still called Honeymead, with a net worth of 
about $2.5 million. Thus he became a millionaire at the age 
of twenty-seven.
 “After the sale, Andreas went to work for Cargill, whose 
president, John H. MacMillan Jr., offered him a 4 percent 
stock interest. Andreas remained for seven years, making 
a $400,000 after-tax proﬁ t when he sold his stock back 
to the company. He built a number of soybean and other 
oilseed plants, traveled widely, and for the ﬁ rst time got 
an inside view of the operations of an international trading 
organization.
 “Meantime, his younger brother Lowell had come out 
of the Army and put Honeymead Products back into the 
soybean business in Mankato, Minnesota. Dwayne by this 
time owned the bulk of Honeymead shares. He left Cargill 
and went to work developing export markets and handling 
transportation logistics at Honeymead, while Lowell ran the 
plant. In seven years after-tax earnings went from $300,000 
to $1 million.
 “In 1960, Andreas received a phone call from M.W. 
Thatcher, the veteran manager of the Grain Terminal 
Association, which represented thousands of farmers 
in Minnesota and the Dakotas who sold soybeans to 
Honeymead. Thatcher told him that his farmers now wanted 
to process their own beans and share in the proﬁ ts.”
 So G.T.A. bought Honeymead for a sum that eventually 
came to about $10 million. “The proceeds went to a 
corporate shell named First Interoceanic Corp., and both 
brothers were hired by G.T.A., Dwayne becoming executive 
vice president.” But they were not happy there, in part 
because of the very different ways that cooperatives and 
private companies run their businesses.
 The Andreases used Interoceanic to invest in several 
small businesses, and to buy a soybean crushing plant in 
Decatur. In 1963 they put up $2.5 million to start the ﬁ rst 
new bank in downtown Minneapolis in over 40 years; in 
June 1964 the National City Bank opened and was very 
successful.
 “The move into Archer-Daniels-Midland came in 
September, 1965, in an unusual way: the Andreases were 
invited in to provide new leadership. A-D-M not only was a 
diversiﬁ ed agricultural processing company, but also had a 
large chemical operation. It was controlled by the Archer and 
Daniels families of Minneapolis; John Daniels, a grandson 
of a founder, had served as president since 1958. In 1965, 
after a three-year decline in earnings, the company could 
not cover its dividend. Shreve M. Archer Jr., a director, 
took the lead in inviting the Andreases to join the company, 
offering to sell a block of 100,000 shares from the holdings 
of the Archer trust... To Dwayne Andreas, the request to lead 
A-D-M out of the doldrums looked almost irresistible...
 “There were more practical considerations, of course. 
The stock was a good buy, for at $33 a share it was nearly 
$26 below book value. Andreas could also see great growth 
potential in A-D-M... Moreover, Andreas was greatly 
impressed with textured vegetable protein (TVP), a soybean 
product edible by humans, which A-D-M’s laboratories had 
developed. At the time, TVP was being produced only in the 
lab, but Andreas could see a host of possibilities for it as a 
meat extender and as a cheap protein in a variety of foods–
from cereals to tuna-ﬁ sh salad...
 “Through First Interoceanic the Andreases bought 
100,000 shares of A-D-M, later extending their holdings to 
181,900 shares. They assumed personal authority gradually 
and with faultless diplomacy. Dwayne joined A-D-M’s 
board and executive committee in February, 1966; early the 
following year Lowell became executive vice president in 
the newly created ofﬁ ce of the president, where he formally 
shared authority with John Daniels. After a year, Lowell 
became president and Daniels chairman of the board. While 
Lowell ran the company on a day-to-day basis, Dwayne, 
who owned most of Interoceanic, became the ultimate boss 

=== PAGE 148 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   148
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
in everything but title. He ﬁ nally assumed the title of chief 
executive in 1971.
 “In 1969, A-D-M and First Interoceanic merged, with 
the result that the two Andreases increased their holdings 
to 16.6 percent of the shares, and A-D-M became owner of 
the Minneapolis bank. Lowell Andreas remained president 
until 1972, when he retired at the age of ﬁ fty, as he had long 
warned he would.
 “The Andreases’ ﬁ rst signiﬁ cant move to revamp A-D-M 
came in April, 1967 when the entire chemical division was 
sold to Ashland Oil for $65 million... Later in the year A-D-
M’s unproﬁ table alfalfa-dehydrating plants were sold for $5 
million... With this sizable bundle of cash, expansion started 
in a big way.” They invested much of the new money in 
soybean processing and constructing a TVP plant in Decatur. 
They increased the capacity of one Decatur soybean crushing 
plant to 4,000 tons a day–making it the largest single 
soybean plant in the world. During a 3-year period A-D-M’s 
soybean crushing capacity was increased to 120 million 
bushels a year from 50 million.
 Two dramatic graphs show: (1) U.S. soybean 
production, exports, and cash price per bushel from 1964 
to 1974 est. (2) A-D-M’s net sales and net earnings during 
the same period. The caption: “As the bean goes... so goes 
Archer-Daniels-Midland.”
 A large color photo shows Dwayne Andreas in coat and 
tie, smiling.
461. Product Name:  Soy Flour.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Far-Mar-Co, Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Plant: St. Joseph, Missouri. 
Ofﬁ ces: 960 N. Halstead, Hutchinson, KS 67501.
Date of Introduction:  1973.
New Product–Documentation:  Food Processing 
(Chicago). 1972. June. p. 8. “Plants, companies, 
personalities: New Far-Mar-Co plant” in St. Joseph, 
Missouri, will soon be producing a full line of soy grits and 
soy ﬂ our.
Soybean Digest Blue Book. 1976. p. 44. Southern 
operations in Shreveport, Louisiana; Western: Seattle, 
Washington; Midwestern: Overland Park, Kansas.
462. Dawson Mills. 1973. Annual report. Dawson, 
Minnesota. 16 p. 22 x 28 cm.
• Summary: The report “To the members, by Joe Givens 
(p. 1-2), notes that the ﬁ scal year ended 31 Aug. 1973 was 
“exceptionally good by almost any statistical measure. Net 
savings for patrons of $5,670,269 were 7 times larger than 
the previous year... Over 12 million bushels of soybeans 
were processed–an increase of 15 per cent. Prices paid for 
soybeans were at the highest levels in history.
 “The reasons for this year’s large net savings were many. 
However the most important reason was the tremendous 
demand for soybeans and soybean products by people all 
over the world which pulled prices up to unprecedented 
levels. The strong demand for soybean meal and oil resulted 
in excellent ‘crushing margins’ for the industry during most 
of the year. Some of the increase in demand was brought 
about because: (1) the protein usually supplied by ﬁ sh 
caught off the shores of Peru was not available, (2) much 
of the world had poor crops, (3) large sales of soybeans 
and soybean products were made into new markets (mainly 
Russia and China), and (4) the devaluation of the dollar 
which made U.S. farm commodities a more attractive buy for 
people in other countries.”
 “The decision was made during the year for your 
cooperative to enter the soy food specialties ﬁ eld as soon as 
possible. The opportunities in manufacturing and marketing 
specialty products from the meal portion of the soybean have 
been studied for several years. Conditions developed during 
the year which prompted a decision to go ahead rapidly. 
Demand for food products made from soybeans which are 
high in protein and relatively low in price developed strongly 
during this year. Edible soy grits were manufactured most 
of the past year and this business has been proﬁ table. The 
opportunities to manufacture and market more specialized 
soy products appear promising for the future. At the present 
time special desolventizing, grinding, screening, and 
texturizing equipment has been ordered and construction 
has begun on a soy specialties building. The cost of this 
project is expected to be about two million dollars. By the 
end of ﬁ scal 1974 this new plant should be ready to produce 
a number of different types of soy ﬂ ours, grits and texturized 
soybean products. This expansion should result in an 
improved market for your soybeans.”
 Page 5, titled “What is Dawson Mills? Aims and 
purposes,” is by E.S. Boraas, president.
 Pages 8-12 show patronage refunds by state (Minnesota, 
South Dakota, Iowa, and North Dakota), and within each 
state by cooperative elevator name. Dawson Mills’ total 
assets are now $25,340,650–more than double the previous 
year. In the report are color photos of Givens, members of 
the board of directors, and some employees and facilities. 
Address: Dawson, Minnesota. Phone: 612/769-4386.
463. Knapp, Joseph G. 1973. The advance of American 
cooperative enterprise: 1920-45. Danville, Illinois: The 
Interstate Printers and Publishers, Inc. 646 p. Index. 24 cm. 
[95* ref]
• Summary: Part 1. The cooperative explosion: The 
cooperative movement began in 1920 as the U.S. 
government confronted the agricultural depression of 1921-
24. Consumers’ co-ops started during the same period. Part 
2. The New Deal impetus, 1933-40. Part 3. The impact of 
World War II, 1941-45. There was a boom in agricultural 
cooperation during this war. Soy is not mentioned in the 
index, but the following agricultural cooperatives that 
presently process soybeans are discussed: Farmers’ Union 

=== PAGE 149 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   149
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Grain Terminal Association (GTA; p. 163, 486, 522), and 
Land O’Lakes Creameries, Inc. (p. 72, 168, 413-15, 482, 
486, 492, 612). The author has written 7 other books on 
cooperatives.
 Note: Land O’Lakes originated in the 1920s as the 
Minnesota Cooperative Creameries Association. Address: 
Bethesda, Maryland.
464. Ruble, Kenneth D. 1973. Land O’Lakes: Farmers make 
it happen. Minneapolis, Minnesota. x + 205 p. Illust. No 
index. 21 cm.
• Summary: This is a sequel to the author’s “Men to 
Remember” (1947), which chronicled the origin and ﬁ rst 
25 years of the co-operative association now known as 
Land O’Lakes. Chapter 1 summarizes some of the progress 
made during Land O’Lakes ﬁ rst quarter century (p. 4-5): 
(1) Created a new standard of butter quality by selling only 
sweet cream butter that scored 93 points or more. “Up to 
that time, virtually all butter was made from sour cream 
and had a harsh taste.” (2) Revolutionized butter packaging, 
by using one pound cartons and rolls of butter, and selling 
its butter under a brand name–Land O’Lakes. Previously, 
grocers had scooped bulk butter out of wooden tubs. (3) 
Originated government grading of butter (at L.O.L. expense) 
and printed the resulting “certiﬁ cate of guarantee” on each 
carton. When L.O.L. began using this as a powerful sales 
and advertising tool, the competition panicked. (4) Pioneered 
farm and creamery quality control. This “upstream” control 
assured enough sweet cream to meet the stringent new 
butter tests. (5) Popularized quarter-pound sticks of butter. 
(6) Broke old distribution patterns. “Instead of joining other 
[butter] producers in glutting the New York commission 
houses, L.O.L. developed direct sales to large retailers, and 
established sales branches in all key markets, on its way to 
becoming–by far–the nation’s No. 1 [brand of] butter. (7) 
Capitalized on the scarcity of butter during World War II. 
While many long-established brands disappeared, “L.O.L. 
sponsored a memorable series of good-humored cartoon 
ads which kept the brand name alive and emphasized Land 
O’Lakes quality, while sugar-coating the scarcity.” (8) 
Became the world’s largest producer of powdered milk. (9) 
Kept innovating and expanding–into dry milk, ice cream, 
cheese, turkeys, eggs, ﬂ uid milk and other related foods.
 One of the major ﬁ gures at L.O.L. was president John 
Brandt.
 In 1950 Congress passed the Margarine Act, which 
repealed the tax system and all federal restrictions on 
coloring margarine yellow. “This was a bitter blow to Land 
O’Lakes and all the nation’s dairymen” (p. 9).
 Chapter 13 (p. 107-14) begins: “With organizations 
that adjoined each other geographically, Land O’Lakes 
and Iowa-based Farmers Regional Co-operative began 
informal talks in 1969 to explore possible ways of working 
together on an egg marketing program in northern Iowa and 
southern Minnesota. The Iowa co-operative, using ‘Felco’ 
as its trademark, specialized in a wide variety of quality 
farm supplies... and also operated a soybean processing 
plant. Its sales in 1969 totaled $84 million” [vs. more than 
$300 million for L.O.L.]. Soon “the idea of broader, long-
term cooperation began to take form... The Land O’Lakes 
board... was impressed by the opportunity to diversify 
its already proﬁ table agricultural supply business and to 
enter the ﬁ eld of soybean processing.” They both hired the 
Battelle Memorial Research Institute to evaluate the pros 
and cons of such a merger. In Oct. 1969 Battelle submitted 
its report “concluding that the future of both organizations 
would be made more secure by merging. On 1 April 1970 
the merger became ofﬁ cial, and a new name–Land O’Lakes, 
Inc.–was adopted for the combined organization. The word 
“creameries” as dropped from the corporate name. The new 
organization manufactured Felco brand feeds in 6 locations 
and operated a soybean processing plant (producing soybean 
oil and meal) at Sheldon, Iowa.
 In “four counties comprising the northwest corner of 
Iowa, the Big Four Co-operative (organized in 1943) was 
‘king’ of the Iowa soybean business, processing 6 million 
bushels per year for 116 elevator members by 1967, and 
also selling about $5 million worth of mixed feed and 
ingredients.” On 1 Oct. 1967 Big Four, an important handler 
of Felco feeds, merged with Farmers Regional Co-operative. 
The combination of Felco and Land O’Lakes established 
a “coordinated systems approach,” which resulted in a full 
circle of service to the farmer, selling him his inputs and 
buying what he produced (his outputs). The new merger 
departed from the norm among co-ops of “like merging 
with like–a this was one of the main reasons the union made 
sense.”
 Felco had nearly 500 employees, most of them at the 
Fort Dodge, Iowa, headquarters. Land O’Lakes had about 
5,000 serving many decentralized plants and its home ofﬁ ce 
in Minneapolis, Minnesota. In 1972 Land O’Lakes ranked 
no. 173 (with sales of $748 million) on Fortune magazine’s 
list of the largest U.S. industrial corporations. The two 
highest ranked food companies were Kraftco (No. 30) 
and General Foods (No. 38). Others, specializing in dairy 
products, were Borden (No. 44), Beatrice Foods (No. 58), 
and Carnation (No. 111).
 Chapter 17, titled “How to ‘dry clean’ a bean,” is about 
soybeans, and Land O’Lakes’ soybean plant in Sheldon, 
Iowa. In 1943, twelve co-operative elevators joined to 
build the original “Big Four” plant. In 1959 a million-
dollar expansion was added, “including construction of a 
central feed plant which produced Felco-brand feeds prior 
to the consolidation of Big Four with Farmers Regional 
Cooperative” in Oct. 1967. Then, following the merger into 
Land O’Lakes [in April 1970], the L.O.L. Board of Directors 
authorized another major investment to modernize and 
enlarge the soybean oil extraction facilities. As of 1972, the 

=== PAGE 150 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   150
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Sheldon plant handles about 33,000 bushels/day of soybeans 
(12 million bu/year). In 1971 “Land O’Lakes purchased 
another soybean processing plant formerly operated by 
Cargill, Inc. in Fort Dodge, Iowa.”
 To extract the oil from soybeans, they are cleaned, 
then passed between corrugated steel rollers, which are 
positioned to crack each bean into exactly 14 little pieces. 
These pieces are then “conditioned” by being warmed to 
165 degrees, after which they are crushed between smooth 
steel rollers, that squeeze each bean particle into a tissue-
thin wafer looking much like a light-colored oily corn ﬂ ake. 
This process ruptures the beans oil cells. The ﬂ akes are then 
conveyed into a giant 3-story extractor, where they are mixed 
with hexane solvent. This removes the oil in much the same 
way that a dry cleaner removes grease spots from clothing. 
Nearly all the hexane is removed and re-used. “Efﬁ ciency 
of this modern solvent process is so complete that only one 
gallon of hexane is lost per ton of ﬁ nished product” [oil + 
meal]. A color photo (p. 152A) shows an aerial view of the 
Fort Dodge, Iowa, soybean processing plant.
 Chapter 20 tells how Land O’Lakes entered the 
margarine business. In the 1950s, margarine was a naughty 
word at L.O.L. “When discussed at all, it was called oleo, or 
just ‘oley,’ and its origin was scornfully referred to as ‘the 
coconut cow.’ Years ago, coconut oil was the main oil used to 
make margarine in the USA. But today, soybean oil is No. 1 
by far, and corn oil is a distant second. So it made sense for 
L.O.L. to use the soybean oil it made as a major margarine 
ingredient.
 A bar chart (p. 174) shows Land O’Lakes’ sales every 5 
years from 1948 to 1972. In 1972, co-operative in the USA 
market only 26% of the nation’s food and a minority of these 
(including Land O’Lakes) is involved in “further processing 
which adds value to the farmer’ s product and brings him a 
greater return” [proﬁ t]. Dairy products are the only category 
where co-ops control the lion’s share of the market–73% in 
1970. In butter production, Land O’Lakes has become the 
acknowledged national leader by far, in both quantity and 
quality. So it is no coincidence that butter leads all other food 
by bringing 71½ cents of the consumer’s dollar back to the 
producer.
 In 1972 butter, eggs, ice cream and turkeys were lower 
priced than in 1947–25 years earlier!
 Note: As with the ﬁ rst book, this one would be greatly 
improved by the inclusion of an index and chronology.
465. Horan, Frank E. 1974. Soy protein products and 
their production. J. of the American Oil Chemists’ Society 
51(1):67A-73A. Jan. Proceedings, World Soy Protein 
Conference, Munich, Germany, Nov. 11-14, 1973. [12 ref]
• Summary: Contents: Abstract. Introduction. History of 
the soybean in the U.S. Economic impact. Soybean protein. 
Textured soy protein. References.
 Table XII states that U.S. producers of edible soy protein 
products are: ADM, Cargill, Central Soya, Far-Mar-Co, 
General Mills, Grifﬁ th Labs, Lauhoff Grain Co., Miles Labs 
(Worthington), National Protein, A.E. Staley, Swift & Co. 
All make textured soy protein products except National 
Protein (which makes only grits and ﬂ ours). Central Soya, 
Ralston Purina, and Staley make soy protein isolates. Central 
Soya, Far-Mar-Co, Grifﬁ th Labs, and Swift & Co. make soy 
protein concentrates. Address: Archer Daniels Midland Co., 
Decatur, Illinois.
466. Far-Mar-Co, Inc. 1974. Other vegetable protein 
suppliers copy our claims. But they can’t copy our people 
(Ad). Food Processing (Chicago). Feb. p. 37.
• Summary: Far-Mar-Co claims to make “the best textured 
vegetable protein available today.” Address: Foods Div., 960 
North Halstead, Hutchinson, Kansas 67501-. Phone: (316) 
663-5711.
467. Gaston, W.W. 1974. Trends in soybean production. 
Tennessee Valley Authority, Bulletin Y-69. p. 10-16. March. 
Soybean: Production, Marketing, and Use.
• Summary: Contents: Introduction. First crushing in 
England. Breeding emphasis. World production: U.S. and 
Brazil lead in expansion. United States production: Factors 
associated with soybean trends. Production in the South: 
Good potential in South. Summary.
 “The ﬁ rst soybean crushing mill, constructed at Hull, 
England, in 1908, marked the beginning of the modern 
soybean era. After the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905 and 
acquisition by the Japanese of an interest in the Manchuria 
soybean industry, the Manchuria railway, and the port of 
Darien, 9,000 tons of soybeans were shipped to England in 
1908. Larger quantities were imported to European mills 
from Manchuria from 1908 to 1926. After the importance 
of soybean oil as a soap ingredient and soybean meal as a 
protein feed was demonstrated, soybeans were imported 
from Japan and Manchuria for crushing in England, 
Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Holland” (p. 10).
 “Breeding emphasis: Emphasis has been placed on 
breeding three major types of soybeans in the United 
States. Early interest was on forage varieties and until 
1940 production of soybeans for forage exceeded their 
production as an oilseed on an acreage basis. More recent 
research efforts emphasized high yields of beans with more 
oil content and characteristics suitable for mechanical 
harvesting” (p. 11).
 Table 1 shows Soybean production in the world, U.S., 
and southern U.S. states from 1962 to 1973 (estimated). The 
U.S. share of world production was 64.88% in 1962, rising 
to a peak of 76.14% in 1969, then falling to about 74.26% in 
1973.
 “The loan rate for soybeans was found not to have a 
signiﬁ cant inﬂ uence on changes in acreage planted. This was 
expected, because the price received for soybeans exceeded 

=== PAGE 151 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   151
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
the loan rate by more than 5 cents per bushel in 17 of the 24 
years included in the analysis. If the loan rate moves closer 
to the actual soybean price during subsequent years, it could 
be expected to have a signiﬁ cant effect on soybean acreage” 
(p. 14). Address: Senior Vice President, Gold Kist, Inc., 
Atlanta, Georgia.
468. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1974. All systems go 
for Honeymead. June 25.
• Summary: The Mankato Housing and Redevelopment 
Authority (HRA) approved a land sale contract with 
Honeymead Products Co. for the Woodland-Givens renewal 
property in West Mankato. Honeymead, which will pay 
$160,000 for the land, plans to build ofﬁ ce and storage 
buildings and an employee parking lot as part of its expanded 
soybean processing plant presently under construction.
469. Kakade, M.L.; Rackis, J.J.; McGhee, J.E.; Puski, G. 
1974. Determination of trypsin inhibitor activity of soy 
products: A collaborative analysis of an improved procedure. 
Cereal Chemistry 51(3):376-82. May/June. [4 ref]
• Summary: Describes a more accurate and reproducible 
process for measuring the trypsin inhibitor activity of 
soybeans than the method developed by Kakade in 1969 for 
measuring the antitryptic activity in raw soybeans. This new 
method is recommended for use in evaluating the percentage 
of trypsin inhibitors destroyed by heat in soybean samples. 
“Both raw and toasted, dehulled, defatted soy ﬂ ours were 
evaluated for their trypsin inhibitor activity.” Address: 1. 
Land O’Lakes, Minneapolis, Minnesota; 2-3. Northern 
Regional Research Lab., Peoria, Illinois. 4. Central Soya.
470. Dimler, R.J. 1974. Cooperation with soybean co-op. 
Notes from the Director: Northern Regional Research 
Laboratory (Peoria, Illinois) No. 1165. p. 1-2. July 12.
• Summary: “Last month [June 26], Mr. Joe Givens, Dawson 
Mills, Dawson, Minnesota, and six of his engineering, 
sales, and operating staff ﬂ ew to Peoria to consult with OC 
[Oilseed Crops] and ED [Engineering and Development] 
staff on ﬂ avor problems of soybean meal products. Industry 
reports had reached them of a signiﬁ cant ﬂ avor improvement 
in the last 2 years. Our consultations were centered on: 
quality control relating to enzyme inactivation and ﬂ avor 
improvement; azeotropic solvent extraction to improve ﬂ avor 
of defatted ﬂ akes; ﬂ ash desolventizing of soybean products; 
and extrusion processing. After the discussions they visited 
our soybean processing and extruding facilities in the pilot 
plant. A sizable portion of Dawson’s production (1,500 tons 
per day) is slated to go into human soybean food products: 
grits, ﬂ our, and texturized products.”
 Note: Givens and co-workers expressed concerns with 
getting a new plant and new soy processes going, including 
texturized proteins, isolates, concentrates, etc. Address: Area 
Director, Northern Regional Research Lab., NCR [North 
Central Region], ARS, USDA.
471. Adolphson, L.C.; Horan, F.E. 1974. Textured vegetable 
protein products as meat extenders. Cereal Science Today 
19(10):441-44, 446. Oct.
• Summary: “During the 1971-72 school year, about 23 
million pounds of textured soy protein (hydrated) were used; 
in 1972-73 the amount was doubled; and during the past 
school year an estimate is that at least 50 million pounds 
(hydrated) were employed...
 “In order for the commercial manufacturers to have a 
common goal in the development of novel protein systems, 
such as textured vegetable protein products, a number of 
industrial companies have banded together to form the Food 
Protein Council (Food Protein Council, Suite 1150, 1730 
Pennsylvania Ave., N.W., Washington, D.C. 20006. George 
M. Perrin, Executive Secretary).
 “The council consists of the following regular members: 
Archer Daniels Midland Co.; Cargill, Inc.; Central Soya Co., 
Inc.; Far-Mar-Co, Inc.; General Mills, Inc.; Grain Processing 
Corp.; Grifﬁ th Laboratories; Lauhoff Grain Co.; Miles 
Laboratories, Inc.; National Protein Corp.; Procter & Gamble 
Co.; Ralston Purina Co.; A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co.; and 
Swift Edible Oil Co.”
 A photo shows the two authors, with a brief biography 
of each. Address: Archer Daniels Midland Co., Decatur, 
Illinois.
472. Product Name:  Ultra-Pro (Soy Protein Concentrate).
Manufacturer’s Name:  Far-Mar-Co, Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  960 N. Halstead, Hutchinson, 
KS 67501.
Date of Introduction:  1974 October.
New Product–Documentation:  W.J. Wolf states on 17 Oct. 
1974, based on information from Bert Miner of the Farmers 
Cooperative Service, that Far-Mar-Co is producing about 30 
tons/day of soy protein concentrate. However the concentrate 
plant is now down because of a previous explosion in the 
alcohol recovery unit.
Soybean Digest Blue Book. 1976. p. 38, 46, 48. Page 38 
says “Processed meat additives.”
 Talk with Far-Mar-Co. They no longer make a soy 
protein concentrate.
473. Henry, Wayne. 1974. Re: Literature on soy grits and 
ﬂ our. Letter to Walter Wolf, Northern Utilization Research 
Lab., 1815 University, Peoria, Illinois 61601, Dec. 20. 1 p. 
Typed, with signature on letterhead.
• Summary: He encloses a technical bulletin on the 
company’s soy ﬂ 
 our and grits. “As of this date, we do not 
have any printed literature on our soy protein concentrate.”
 Printed across the bottom of the letterhead: “Far-Mar-
Co food operations: (headquarters) Hutchinson, Kansas; 
Overland Park, Kansas; St. Joseph, Missouri; Shreveport, 

=== PAGE 152 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   152
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Louisiana; Seattle, Washington; Los Angeles, California.”
 Note: Dr. W.J. Wolf states on 17 Oct. 1974, based on 
information from Bert Miner of the Farmer Cooperative 
Service, that Far-Mar-Co is producing about 100 tons/day 
of defatted edible soy ﬂ our and 30 tons/day of soy protein 
concentrate. However the concentrate plant is now down 
because of a previous explosion in the alcohol recovery unit. 
They also have a small pilot plant in Hutchinson, Kansas, 
making “TVP” [textured soy ﬂ our] in unknown amounts. 
Dr. Henry told Dr. Wolf on 19 Dec. 1974 that they make soy 
protein concentrates but have not promoted them much. They 
are using some of it internally and are not yet up to capacity 
on production. Address: Vice President, Food Operations, 
Far-Mar-Co, Inc., 960 North Halstead, Hutchinson, Kansas 
67501. Phone: 316-663-5711.
474. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Gold Kist.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Decatur, Alabama.
Date of Introduction:  1974.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Dunn, John R. 1981. “Re: 
History of U.S. cooperative soybean processors.” Letter 
to William Shurtleff at Soyfoods Center. 3 p. Gold Kist 
operated a soybean crushing plant in Decatur, Alabama, from 
1974 to 1981.
475. Dawson Mills. 1974. Annual report. Dawson, 
Minnesota. 16 p. 22 x 28 cm.
• Summary: The “Manager’s report,” by Joe Givens (p. 
1-2), notes that the ﬁ scal year ended 31 Aug. 1974 was 
“an extraordinary year in the life of your cooperative. New 
records were established in all phases of your business. Net 
savings for patrons reached a new high of $7,039,188. Over 
13 million bushels of soybeans were processed into oil and 
meal. Prices paid for soybeans were at the highest in our 
history and averaged $6.01 a bushel.” “A Soy Specialties 
Division has been established... The processing equipment 
being installed in the new soy specialties tower should be 
operational in early 1975. A new product development and 
technical service laboratory is also under construction.”
 A page titled “DawSoy” states: “The world’s 
requirement for food and especially for vegetable protein is 
ever increasing. The new soy food specialties plant provides 
Dawson Mills the opportunity to be involved in meeting 
this pressing need” by manufacturing soy grits, soy ﬂ our, 
and textured soy ﬂ our. “By using various heat treatments, 
soy ﬂ our and grits provide materials with a wide range 
of applications. Lightly toasted soy ﬂ our in combination 
with wheat ﬂ our produces a high protein material used in 
baking products. Moderately toasted ﬂ our and grits are used 
extensively in the pet food and milk replacer industries. 
Toasted soy grits combine with various grains to improve the 
nutritive value of these many food products. Textured soy 
ﬂ our is a ﬁ brous material which is used to simulate meat in 
many meat and food products.”
 Pages then show: Patronage refunds by state (Minnesota, 
South Dakota, Iowa, and North Dakota), and within each 
state by cooperative elevator name. A decade of progress 
(processing and ﬁ nancial statistics 1965-1974). Bushels of 
soybean processed 1952-1974. Balance sheet. Contains many 
photos–both color and black-and-white. Address: Dawson, 
Minnesota. Phone: 612/769-4386.
476. Henry, Wayne. 1975. Far-Mar-Co’s edible soy protein 
operations. Paper presented at the Soybean and Cottonseed 
Conference. 8 p. Held 9-12 March 1975 at Las Vegas, 
Nevada.
• Summary: “Bert Miner suggested that since Far-Mar-Co 
was one of the few cooperatives engaged in production of 
edible soy protein, a discussion of our operation may be of 
interest to the group. More speciﬁ cally he requested that I 
discuss the following questions:
 (1) Why Far-Mar-Co entered the ﬁ eld? (2) Kinds of 
edible soy protein products produced. (3) Manufacturing 
processes used and why. (4) Problems encountered and 
how they have been resolved. (5) Evaluation of available 
equipment. (6) Market outlets for various products. (7) What 
you see ahead. (8) How cooperatives can work together to 
get a bigger share.”
 “Far-Mar-Co was formed June 1, 1968, with the 
consolidation of four regional cooperatives. The four grain 
marketing regionals were located in Hutchinson, Kansas, 
Kansas City, Missouri, and two in Lincoln, Nebraska. These 
regionals served Kansas and Nebraska in total and parts 
of Colorado, Wyoming, South Dakota, Iowa, Missouri, 
and Oklahoma. The merger of these regional cooperatives 
brought together over 250,000 farmers which represent over 
600 local cooperatives, which in turn represent the ownership 
of Far-Mar-Co. The name indicates the principal function 
of these cooperatives is to market grain, i.e., soybean, 
wheat, milo, and corn. The managers and directors of these 
regionals knew that the storage and marketing function 
provided by the cooperatives was a major step in insuring the 
farmer a fair return for his product, however, they also knew 
it was not good enough.
 “As most of you know, the net margin on storage and 
marketing of grain is pretty slim.”
 “Our managers and directors are very aggressive and 
believe totally in the ‘added value concept.’” This is the main 
reason Far-Mar-Co entered the ﬁ eld of soy protein products. 
The company currently manufactures soy grits, soy ﬂ our, 
textured vegetable protein (30 varieties of textured soy ﬂ our, 
using Wenger extruders for thermoplastic extrusion), and 
soy protein concentrate (SPC, 70% protein using aqueous-
alcohol extraction; the plant was designed and built by Blaw-
Knox Co.). “I can truthfully say, however, that we have had 

=== PAGE 153 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   153
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
more problems than you would believe in trying to get our 
SPC plant on stream.”
 Note: This is the earliest English-language document 
seen (May 2005) that contains the term “added value.” 
Address: PhD, Vice President, Food Operations, Far-Mar-Co, 
Inc., 960 North Halstead, Hutchinson, Kansas 67501. Phone: 
316-663-5711.
477. Doty, Harry O., Jr. 1975. Decisionmaking in the oilseed 
processing industry. ERS (USDA Economic Research 
Service) No. 598. 19 p. [1 ref]
• Summary: Cover title: “Speech before the 21st annual 
conference of Cooperative Soybean and Cottonseed oil 
Mills, Las Vegas, Nevada, March 10, 1975.” Contents: 
Introduction: Soybean crushings, oil yields, value of 
products, oilseed processing mills, processing capacity, 
processing margins, components of oil products margins.
 Possible changes ahead for the oilseed crushing industry: 
Increased food production, palm oil, sunﬂ owers, peanuts, 
Brazilian soybean production, edible soy protein (soy ﬂ our 
and grits, extruded textured soy protein), polyunsaturated 
fatty acids (for concern over blood cholesterol and heart 
attacks), reﬁ ning, new processing methods and equipment. 
Oil crops research program: New research, automating price 
and quantity data in a data bank.
 Tables show: (1) Soybean crushings, oil and meal 
production by regions and states, year beginning September, 
selected years, 1954-1973. (2) Soybean crushings, by 
months, actual and percent of total, 1960-1974. Soybeans are 
crushed year-round, but slightly larger amounts are crushed 
in Nov., Dec., and Jan. (3) Soybean crushings and yields 
of oil per bushel crushed. (4) Soybean exports by months, 
actual and percent of total, 1960-1974. (5) Estimated number 
of soybean oil mills and processing capacity in the United 
States, 1963-1974. (8) Estimated number of soybean oil 
mills in the United States, and soybeans crushed by regions 
and states, 1969-1973. (9) Soybean oil mills. Number of 
companies and plants, concentration ratios, production and 
value of shipments for products, Census years, 1947-72. (10) 
Salad and cooking oil: Components of margins per 24-ounce 
bottle, 1973. (11) Margarine: Components of margins 
per 1-pound package, 1973. (12) Vegetable shortening: 
Components of margins per 3-pound can, 1973.
 “In recent years, a big boost was given to the use of 
vegetable soy protein by the development of an inexpensive 
texturizing process. Another boost took place when the 
USDA School Lunch Program allowed 30 percent textured 
soy protein to be added to beef to make a beef-soy patty 
in February 1971. Then, U.S. edible soy protein use for its 
protein value was here to stay. Use of edible soy protein in 
the School Lunch Program has continued to grow ever since. 
Production of soy ﬂ our and grits was 326 million pounds in 
1962 and increased to 474 million pounds in 1972” (p. 7). 
Address: USDA Economic Research Service, Washington, 
DC 20250.
478. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). 1975. Farmland gets ﬁ rst 
beans (Photo caption). Aug. 5.
• Summary: A large photo shows a huge truck, with one 
end lifted high in the air by a hydraulic truck lift, emptying 
its load of soybeans into a dumping pit at the new Farmland 
Industries soybean crushing plant south of Sioux City. Three 
towering concrete silos and an even higher head house 
(bearing the Coop logo) looms in the background. Several 
more trucks ﬁ lled with soybeans wait to be dumped, and 
tiny people look on. The plant, one of the largest of its type 
in the USA, has a processing capacity of 2,000 tons/day of 
soybeans. Processing will begin later this month. Note: This 
is the earliest document seen (Aug. 2005) concerning the 
soybean crushing plant at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa.
479. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmland Industries, Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Sergeant Bluff, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1975 August.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Sioux City Journal (Iowa). 
1975. Farmland gets ﬁ rst beans (Photo caption). Aug. 5. 
The new Farmland Industries soybean crushing plant south 
of Sioux City, one of the largest of its type in the USA, 
has a processing capacity of 2,000 tons/day of soybeans. 
Processing will begin later this month. Note: “Sergeant 
Bluff” is not mentioned.
 National Soybean Processors Association. 1975. Year 
Book and Trading Rules 1975-1976. Washington, DC. [Oct.] 
See p. 11. Farmland Industries, Inc., William C. Lester, Box 
200, Sergeant Bluff, Iowa 51504. Phone: (712) 943-4282.
480. Food Processing (Chicago). 1975. Protein update: 
Guides to protein products and companies. Aug. p. 28, 33-34, 
36, 38, 40-41, 44, 48, 50.
• Summary: Discusses soy protein products made by: ADM, 
Baltimore Spice, Cargill, Carnation Co., Central Soya 
Co., Custom Food Products Inc., DMI Inc., Far-Mar-Co., 
General Mills, Grain Processing Corp., Grifﬁ th Laboratories, 
Industrial Grain Products Ltd., Lauhoff Grain Co., Miles 
Laboratories, Nabisco, National Protein Corp., Paniplus Co., 
Ralcon Foods, Ralston Purina, Staley (A.E.) Co. (Protein 
Div.), Swift & Co. Details on how each product can be used 
and a complete address for each company are given.
 Note: A table (p. 25) shows what soy proteins are 
available from what companies. For example: General Mills, 
Inc. (Minneapolis, Minnesota): Makes spun and textured 
vegetable protein products. “Spun protein is produced from 
soy isolate base and is used in products such as frozen 
ham dices and frozen chicken dices and chunks.” Recently 
the company has developed a patented process for Steam 

=== PAGE 154 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   154
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Texturization of protein. The product has a clean taste and 
comes in a range of particle sizes. Its texture is very similar 
to that of pork, beef, poultry and seafood. “Products are 
available to meet speciﬁ c application needs with regard to 
texture, ﬂ avor, color, size, and nutrition. Products can also be 
produced to retain many times their weight of moisture.”
 Grain Processing Corp. (Muscatine, Iowa): A line of soy 
protein concentrates with 70% protein. Two new soy protein 
isolates, including high and low solubility products, with 
90% protein, are spray dried, free ﬂ owing powders.
 Grifﬁ  th Laboratories (Chicago, Illinois): Soy protein 
concentrate, powdered and granular structured. The latter 
is recommended as a meat extender in meat patties since it 
imparts texture, binding characteristics, moisture retention 
and extra nutrition. This textured soy concentrate is also 
“available in any number of seasoning blends.” Address: 
Assoc. Editor.
481. Food Systems Branch and Research Branch, Agriculture 
Canada; Grain Marketing Ofﬁ ce. Industry, Trade and 
Commerce. 1975. U.S. Food Protein Council (Document 
part). In: Plant Proteins in Canada: Utilization for Human 
Food. 1975. Canada. iii+ 163 p. See p. 50. Sept. 28 cm. [1 
ref]
• Summary: The three objectives of the Council are listed. 
“Members of the Council include: Archer Daniels Midland, 
Cargill, Central Soya, Far-Mar-Co., General Mills, Grifﬁ th 
Laboratories, Lauhoff Grain, Miles Laboratories, National 
Protein, Ralston Purina, A.E. Staley, Swift, Honeymead 
Products, Riceland Foods, Pﬁ zer, and Nestlé.”
 Source: Grain Marketing Of ﬁ ce, Trade Commissioner 
Service of I.T. & C. [Department of Industry, Trade and 
Commerce]. Address: Canada.
482. Morrissy, J.D. 1975. Riceland Foods: Innovative 
cooperative in the international market. USDA Farmer 
Cooperative Service, FCS Information No. 101. 128 p. Sept. 
[44 ref]
• Summary: A chronology titled “Historical landmarks” 
(p. 12) states: 1921 Sept. 23–Organized as Arkansas Rice 
Growers Cooperative. 1958–Initial marketing of soybeans. 
1961–Startup of soybean crushing plant at Stuttgart, 
Arkansas. 1965–Startup of crushing plant at Helena, 
Arkansas. 1970 Aug. 1–The Arkansas Rice Growers 
Cooperative Association adopted the trade name Riceland 
Foods. By now its 20,000 soybean grower-members 
outnumbered rice growers four to one. Its sales volume of 
hundreds of millions of dollars ranked it midway among the 
top 500 U.S. industrial forms listed by Fortune magazine. 
1970 Sept. 3–The company dedicates a modern new 
headquarters building in Stuttgart, Arkansas.
 Chapter IV , titled “Soybean growers: A new branch of 
the Riceland Foods family” (p. 45-53) tells the story of the 
rise of soybeans in a rice cooperative. The 1955 rice acreage 
controls legislation cut back rice production and prompted 
Riceland to initiate a soybean program–which soon sent the 
company’s sales skyrocketing.
 A graph (ﬁ  g. 2, p. 6) shows Riceland Foods’ sales from 
1943 to 1973, including total sales ($563.7 million in 1973), 
sales of soybean sand other grains ($337.5 million), and sales 
of rice ($210.8 million).
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (June 2005) that 
mentions “Riceland Foods” in connection with soybeans. 
Address: Washington, DC.
483. Northern Regional Research Center: Notes from the 
Director. 1975. LPC process tested. No. 1220. p. 2. Oct. 3.
• Summary: The Engineering and Development Lab’s 
(ED’s) lipid-protein concentrate process for beverages (U.S. 
Patent 3,809,771) is being tested by a second company. 
On September 23-25, Gus C. Mustakas (ED) “observed a 
successful pilot plant run at a major food service company 
in Minnesota. The company produces a complete family 
of nutritional products for supplemental or total feeding in 
hospital and institutional markets.
 “On his trip Gus also visited Dawson Mills, a large-co-
op soybean processor in Dawson, Minnesota. This company 
is following the lead of other co-ops (Far-Mar-Co, Land-O-
Lakes) in diversifying into edible soy products. They have 
a large capacity (600-700 tons per day) for such products 
as soy ﬂ our, grits, white ﬂ akes, and textured soy ﬂ our. Gus 
suggested a new line product (NRRC research development) 
for Dawson–namely full-fat soy ﬂ ours that can also be 
produced in their existing extruder installation. The Dawson 
group plans to exhibit their edible soy proteins in Mexico 
City this November in hopes of opening new markets in 
South America.” Address: Peoria, Illinois.
484. National Soybean Processors Association. 1975. Year 
book and trading rules 1975-1976. Washington, DC. ii + 103 
p.
• Summary: On the cover (but not the title page) is written: 
Effective October 1, 1975. Contents: The National Soybean 
Processors Association [Introduction and overview]. 
Constitution and by-laws. Ofﬁ cers and directors. Executive 
staff. Members. Standing committees. Food Protein Council. 
Trading rules on soybean meal. Sales contract. Appendix to 
trading rules on soybean meal: Ofﬁ cial methods of analysis 
(moisture, protein, crude ﬁ ber, oil {only method numbers 
listed}, sampling of soybean meal {automatic sampler, 
probe sampler}), ofﬁ cial weighmaster application, semi-
annual scale report, ofﬁ cial referee chemists (meal). Trading 
rules on soybean oil. Sales contract. Deﬁ nitions of grade 
and quality of export oils. Soybean lecithin speciﬁ cations. 
Appendix to trading rules on soybean oil: Inspection, grading 
soybean oil for color (N.S.P.A. tentative method), methods 
of analysis (A.O.C.S. ofﬁ cial methods): Soybean oil, crude; 
soybean oil, reﬁ ned; soybean oil, reﬁ 
ned and bleached; 

=== PAGE 155 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   155
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
soybean oil for technical uses; soap stock, acidulated soap 
stock and tank bottoms (only method numbers listed), ofﬁ cial 
weighmaster application, semi-annual scale report, ofﬁ cial 
referee chemists (oil). Soybean oil export trading rules. 
Foreign trade deﬁ nitions (for information purposes only).
 The page titled National Soybean Processors Association 
(p. ii) states: “The NSPA is the professional association of 
America’s soybean processors. Its members process and 
market more than 95 percent of all soybean crushed within 
the continental U.S. From nearly 85 processing centers, in 
every major soybean producing region of the nation, NSPA 
members service America’s agricultural community.
 “During the past crop year about 700,000,000 bushels 
of soybeans moved through processing plants of NSPA’s 
33 member ﬁ rms. Approximately 60 percent of America’s 
1.2 billion-bushel soybean crop is bought and processed by 
NSPA members. Exporters account for another 32 percent 
of the crop, and the remainder [8%] is returned to farms for 
seed, feed, and residuals.” Also discusses industry programs, 
soybean research, and international market development.
 The section on of ﬁ cers, executive committee, and board 
of directors (p. 7-8) gives the name, company afﬁ liation, and 
phone number of each person. Ofﬁ cers–President: Lowell 
K. Rasmussen, Honeymead Products Co. Vice President: 
John G. Reed, Jr., Continental Grain Co. Secretary: Stiles 
M. Harper, Southern Soya Corporation. Treasurer: T.J. 
Suelzer, Central Soya Co. Immediate past president: James 
R. Spicola, Cargill, Inc. Executive Committee: Donald B. 
Walker (‘77), ADM. James R. Spicola, Cargill. Thomas J. 
Suelzer, Central Soya. John G. Reed, Jr., Continental. Martin 
Hinby (‘76), Cook Industries.
 Board of Directors (alphabetically by company; each 
member company has one representative on the board): 
Thomas H. Wolfe, Anderson, Clayton & Co. Donald B. 
Walker, Archer Daniels Midland Co. George H. Heinz, 
Buckeye Cellulose Corp. John Fallon, Bunge Corporation. 
James R. Spicola, Cargill, Inc. Thomas J. Suelzer, Central 
Soya Co., Inc. John G. Reed, Jr., Continental Grain Co., 
Martin Hilby, Cook Industries. Joe C. Givens, Dawson 
Mills. Alfred Jenkins, Delta Cotton Oil & Fertilizer Co. 
John A. Dotson, Far-Mar-Co., Inc. Kenneth E. Sullivan, 
Farmers Grain Dealers Assn. of Iowa. Donald M. Chartier, 
Farmland Industries, Inc. Gaylord O. Coan, Gold Kist Inc. 
Lowell K. Rasmussen, Honeymead Products Co. David C. 
Thompson, Krause Milling Co. Kenneth J. McQueen, Land 
O’Lakes, Inc. Floyd W. Brown, Lauhoff Grain Co. Kermit 
F. Head, Missouri Farmers Assn.–Grain Div. James A. 
Smith, National Protein Corp. Robert E. Hicks, Owensboro 
Grain Co., Inc. Frank P. Perdue, Perdue Incorporated. John 
H. Payne, Planters Manufacturing Co. William T. Melvin, 
Planters Oil Mill, Inc. Theodore W. Bean, Quincy Soybean 
Co. E.J. Cordes, Ralston Purina Co., W.L. Knoll, Riceland 
Foods, Inc. J.D. Morton, Sherman Oil Mill. Stiles M. Harper, 
Southern Soya Corp. James W. Moore, A.E. Staley Mfg. Co. 
W.W. Moore, Swift Edible Oil Co. Preston C. Townsend, 
Townsend’s Inc. Tyler Terrett, West Tennessee Soya Mill, 
Inc.
 Executive of ﬁ ce, Washington, DC: Executive Director, 
Sheldon J. Hauck. Director, Public Affairs: Jack DuVall. 
Administrative Asst.: Jean N. Sullivan. National Soybean 
Crop Improvement Council: Robert W. Judd, Managing 
Director. General counsel: Edward H. Hatton, Esq., Jenner & 
Block, Chicago, Illinois.
 Members (listed alphabetically by company; within 
each company, ﬁ rst the name of the ofﬁ cial Association 
representative {who is on the Board}, followed by the other 
personal members listed alphabetically by surname. For 
example, Archer Daniels Midland Co., the company with 
the most personal members, has 24. After the name of each 
personal member is given his address and phone number. In 
the listing below, the number of personal members is shown 
in parentheses after the name of each company, followed by 
city and state of the various locations): Anderson, Clayton 
& Co. (6); Phoenix, Arizona; Osceola, Arkansas; Jackson, 
Mississippi; Vicksburg, Mississippi; Houston, Texas. Archer 
Daniels Midland Co. (24); Decatur, Illinois; Galesburg, 
Illinois; Granite City, Illinois; Fredonia, Kansas; Mankato, 
Minnesota; Red Wing, Minnesota; St. Louis, Missouri; 
Fremont, Nebraska; Lincoln, Nebraska; Kershaw, South 
Carolina. Buckeye Cellulose Corp. (8); North Little Rock, 
Arkansas; Augusta, Georgia; Cincinnati, Ohio; Memphis, 
Tennessee. Bunge Corporation (5); St. Louis, Missouri; 
New York City, New York; Cargill, Inc. (15); Gainesville, 
Georgia; Cedar Rapids, Iowa; Des Moines, Iowa; Sioux 
City, Iowa; Washington, Iowa; Chicago, Illinois; Wichita, 
Kansas; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Fayetteville, North 
Carolina; Memphis, Tennessee; Chesapeake, Virginia. 
Central Soya Co., Inc. (11); Chicago, Illinois; Gibson City, 
Illinois; Decatur, Indiana; Fort Wayne, Indiana; Indianapolis, 
Indiana; Belmond, Iowa; Marion, Ohio; Bellevue, Ohio; 
Delphos, Ohio; Chattanooga, Tennessee. Continental 
Grain Co. (8); Guntersville, Alabama; Chicago, Illinois; 
Taylorville, Illinois; New York City, New York; Cameron, 
South Carolina. Cook Industries (12); Pine Bluff, Arkansas; 
Emporia, Kansas; Marks, Mississippi; Memphis, Tennessee. 
Dawson Mills (3); Dawson, Minnesota. Delta Cotton Oil & 
Fertilizer Co. (1); Jackson, Mississippi. Far-Mar-Co., Inc. 
(1); St. Joseph, Missouri. Farmers Grain Dealers Assn. of 
Iowa (Cooperative), Soybean Processing Div. (1); Mason 
City, Iowa. Farmland Industries, Inc. (3); Van Buren, 
Arkansas; Sergeant Bluff, Iowa; Kansas City, Missouri. Gold 
Kist Inc. (3); Atlanta, Georgia. Honeymead Products Co. (3); 
Mankato, Minnesota. Krause Milling Co. (2); Milwaukee, 
Wisconsin. Land O’Lakes, Inc. (3); Fort Dodge, Iowa; 
Sheldon, Iowa. Lauhoff Grain Co. (1); Danville, Illinois. 
Missouri Farmers Assn.–Grain Div. (4); Mexico, Missouri. 
National Protein Corp. (2); Champaign, Illinois; Chicago, 
Illinois. Owensboro Grain Co., Inc. (1); Owensboro, 

=== PAGE 156 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   156
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Kentucky. Perdue Incorporated (2); Salisbury, Maryland. 
Planters Manufacturing Co. (2); Clarksdale, Mississippi. 
Planters Oil Mill, Inc. (1); Rocky Mount, North Carolina. 
Quincy Soybean Co. (4); Quincy, Illinois. Ralston Purina Co. 
(8); Bloomington, Illinois; Lafayette, Indiana; Iowa Falls, 
Iowa; Louisville, Kentucky; St. Louis, Missouri; Raleigh, 
North Carolina; Memphis, Tennessee. Riceland Foods, Inc. 
(8); Helena, Arkansas; Stuttgart, Arkansas. Sherman Oil 
Mill (1); Fort Worth, Texas. Southern Soya Corp. (1); Estill, 
South Carolina. A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co. (8); Decatur, 
Illinois. Swift Edible Oil Co., Div. of Swift & Co. (1); 
Chicago, Illinois; Townsend’s Inc. (2); Millsboro, Delaware. 
West Tennessee Soya Mill, Inc. (1); Tiptonville, Tennessee.
 Associate Members: Anderson Clayton Foods, 
Dallas, Texas. Best Foods Div. of CPC International Inc., 
Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey. Canadian Vegetable Oil 
Processing Co., Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Capital City 
Products Co., Div. of Stokely-Van Camp, Inc., Columbus, 
Ohio. I.H. French & Co., Champaign, Illinois. General 
Mills, Inc., Minneapolis, Minnesota. Glidden-Durkee, Div. 
of SCM Corporation, Chicago, Illinois (Gerald J. Daleiden). 
Grain Processing Corp., Muscatine, Iowa (H.P. Woodstra). 
Hartsville Oil Mill, Hartsville, South Carolina (Richard A. 
Koppein). Humko Products, Memphis, Tennessee. Hunt-
Wesson Foods, Inc., Fullerton, California. Kraft Foods Div. 
of Kraftco Corp., Chicago, Illinois. Lever Brothers Co., 
New York City, New York. Maple Leaf Mills Ltd., Toronto, 
Ontario, Canada (W.G. Milliken). Procter & Gamble Co., 
Cincinnati, Ohio. Quaker Oats Co. (The), Chicago, Illinois. 
Schouten International, Inc., Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
Southern Cotton Oil Co., New Orleans, Louisiana. Southern 
Feed Ingredients Co., Memphis, Tennessee. Wilsey Foods, 
Los Angeles, California.
 Standing committees: For each committee, the 
function of the committee, the names of all members 
(with the chairman designated), with the company and 
company address of each are given–Crop Improvement 
Council. Meal trading rules. Oil trading rules. Safety and 
insurance. Soybean Research Council. Technical. Trafﬁ c and 
transportation. Food Protein Council (Objective and rules 
adopted 3 March 1971, amended 5 Nov. 1971). Address: 
1800 M St., N.W., Washington, DC 20036. Phone: (202) 
452-8040.
485. Henry, Wayne F. 1975. Valor nutritivo de la proteina 
texturizada [Nutritional value of texturized (soy) protein]. 
In: American Soybean Assoc., ed. 1975. Memorias: Primera 
Conferencia Latinoamericana Sobre la Proteina de Soya. 
Mexico City. 232 p. See p. 55-62. [18 ref. Spa]
• Summary: Contents: Introduction. Texturization. Analogs 
of centrifuged protein. Texturized soy ﬂ our. Texturized 
soy protein and nutrition. Centrifuges proteins. Tables 1-8. 
Address: Far-Mar Co., St. Joseph, Missouri.
486. Dawson Food Ingredients, Inc. 1975. Dawsoy: Protein 
for the world from the Midwest U.S.A. (Brochure and 
Portfolio). Dawson, MN 56232. 14 p. Undated. 29 cm.
• Summary: This is a glossy color brochure (14 numbered 
pages), with a portfolio ﬂ ap attached to the back cover. On 
the top half of the front cover is a photo of mature soybean 
seeds. Most left-hand pages contain a full-page color photo. 
Contents: World (and population growth). World nutrition. 
World protein. Soy protein. Dawsoy: Economical, adaptable, 
functional, consistent, available. Dawsoy edible soy 
products: Textured soy ﬂ our, soy ﬂ our, soy grits, and white 
ﬂ akes. Flow chart. Dawson Mills produces high quality 
edible soy products for the food industry: Basic processor, 
experiences, capable (“In 1974 we processed 800,000,000 
pounds (over 350,000 metric tons) of soybeans–the 
equivalent of 5,000 loaded rail cars...”), reliable, technical 
service, delivery, innovative. Dawsoy edible soy products 
can directly serve your needs! Bakery and confectionery, 
meat processing, school lunch program, supermarket 
chains, food processing, food service. Description of food 
photographs. Fourteen separate sheets are inserted in the 
portfolio section at the back: (1) Textured soy ﬂ our. (2-3) 
Soy ﬂ our. (4) Soy grits. (5-6) White ﬂ akes.
 (7) A glossy white sheet with photos of four top of ﬁ cers: 
Joe Givens, President, Dawson Mills. Donald Crisp, V .P. 
Daniel Hooten, President, Dawson Food Ingredients. John 
Page, General Manager, Edible Division. The head ofﬁ ce 
of Dawson Mills is in Dawson, Minnesota 56232. The 
marketing and sales ofﬁ ce of Dawson Food Ingredients is at 
7901 Flying Cloud Drive, Minneapolis, MN 55344.
 (8) News from Dawson Mills: * The new soy protein 
facility, on its 220-acre site, is nearing completion. The new 
plant will enable Dawson to offer in early 1979 a range of 
spray-dried isolates, frozen spun ﬁ brils, and frozen meat 
analogs. * “The formation of Dawson Food Ingredients, Inc., 
a new marketing and sales company which will handle all 
Dawson Mills food products to U.S. and overseas markets. 
Dawson Food Ingredients is a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Dawson Mills and is located in Eden Prairie, Minnesota, a 
suburb of Minneapolis.”
 (9) Product inquiry and sample request. (10) Soy protein 
isolate: Typical analysis. (11) Frozen meat analogs: Typical 
analysis. (12) Spun soy protein ﬁ brils: Typical analysis. (13) 
Soy grits. (14) One sheet with two aerial color photos: * The 
soybean crushing / oil extraction plant, which makes ﬂ akes, 
ﬂ our, and grits. * The new food ingredients plant (to be in 
production spring 1979).
 Note: A Spanish-language counterpart of this brochure 
also exists. Address: Dawson, Minnesota. Phone: 612/769-
4386.
487. Dawson Food Ingredients, Inc. 1975. Dawsoy: Proteína 
para el mundo del medio de los EE.UU [Dawsoy: Protein 
for the world from the Midwest of the USA (Brochure and 

=== PAGE 157 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   157
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Portfolio)]. Dawson, MN 56232. 16 p. Undated. 29 cm. 
[Spa]
• Summary: This is a glossy color brochure (16 unnumbered 
pages), with a portfolio ﬂ ap attached to the back cover. On 
the top half of the front cover is a photo of mature soybean 
seeds. Most left-hand pages contain a full-page color photo. 
The section titled “Capacity” (p. 6) states that the company 
has one of the largest agricultural ﬁ rms in Minnesota. “In 
1974 we will process 800,000,000 pounds (more than 
350,000 metric tons) of soya.” The company makes and/
or sells four soy products: Textured soy ﬂ our, soy ﬂ our, soy 
grits, and white ﬂ akes (hojuelas blancas). Four separate 
sheets (printed in Oct. 1975), for each of these products, are 
inserted in the back.
 Note 1. This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
that mentions “Dawson Food Ingredients.”
 Note 2. An English-language counterpart of this 
brochure also exists. Address: Dawson, Minnesota. Phone: 
612/769-4386.
488. Dawson Mills. 1975. Annual report. Dawson, 
Minnesota. 16 p. 22 x 28 cm.
• Summary: “Highlights” (p. 1) for the ﬁ scal year ended 
31 Aug. 1975. Soybeans processed: 12,084,771 bushels. 
Total sales: $81,574,590. New savings: 5,011,160. Total 
cash refund: $2,658,168 (the largest in Dawson’s history). 
Allocation per bushel: 46.2 cents.
 The “Manager’s report,” by Joe Givens states: 
“Preparing for the production and marketing of edible soy 
products has required a large expenditure of time and capital. 
The building of our soy specialties plant and the installation 
of the processing machinery proceeded at a slower pace than 
was anticipated.
 “Foreign contacts have been established to aid in the 
export of our ‘Dawsoy’ edible products. All of the facilities 
for producing edible soy products and the arrangements for 
selling these edible products have been ﬁ nanced by funds 
earned during the past several years, and no long term capital 
borrowing has been required.
 “During the year, over 22,000 tons of edible soy grits 
were produced for eventual use as food for people living 
all over the world. A signiﬁ cant portion of Dawson Mills’ 
net savings resulted from the sale of this food product. We 
anticipate that the sale of ‘Dawsoy’ ﬂ our and textured ﬂ our 
will also contribute additional savings for many years.”
 Page 7, titled “dawsoy brand edible soy products,” 
begins: “’Protein for the world from Midwest U.S.A.’ is 
the registered trademark for edible products from Dawson 
Mills. This theme is most appropriate as we embark on a 
new venture for the utilization of soybeans to produce food 
ingredient products for human consumption. The Dawsoy 
product line includes:” White ﬂ akes, soy grits, soy ﬂ our, 
textured soy ﬂ our. The new facility also contains a pilot plant 
and a test kitchen.
 Also contains sections on: Dawson soybean oil and 
meal products. Dawson Mills. Comparative balance sheet. 
Comparative statement of operations. Distribution of net 
savings. Patronage refunds (Minnesota, South Dakota, North 
Dakota). Soybeans processed (down from 1974). A decade of 
progress. Contains many photos–both color and black-and-
white. Address: Dawson, Minnesota. Phone: 612/769-4386.
489. Miner, Bert D. 1976. Introduction. USDA Farmer 
Cooperative Service. FCS Research Report No. 33. p. 1. Jan. 
Edible Soy Protein: Operational Aspects of Producing and 
Marketing. [60 ref]
• Summary: “Edible soy protein is still waiting for its big 
chance. We hear and read much about the awesome need 
for protein to feed the multitude of hungry people around 
the world. We also hear and read much about the alleged 
inefﬁ ciency of producing animal protein as opposed to 
producing vegetable protein, particularly soy protein.” Yet 
while there is a need for soy proteins, a signiﬁ cant demand 
for commercial products has not yet developed. “This 
report is limited to setting forth some of the economic and 
operational aspects of producing and marketing edible soy 
protein.” Address: Farmer Cooperative Service.
490. USDA Farmer Cooperative Service. FCS Research 
Report. 1976. Edible soy protein: Operational aspects of 
producing and marketing. No. 33. v + 82 p. Jan. Excerpted in 
Soybean Digest. Nov. 1976. p. 20a-j. [60 ref]
• Summary:  Contents: Highlights. Introduction. Kinds of 
soy products. Product uses. Production estimates and market 
outlets. Soy processes, equipment, capital and processing 
costs. Current good manufacturing practice. Market growth. 
Market potential for soy protein products. Appendix–
Companies producing and distributing soy products.
 The 8 chapters by various authors are each cited 
separately. A lengthy appendix titled “Companies producing 
and distributing soy products,” lists every known company 
making such products (as of Sept. 1974), with the address 
and the full name of each of the company’s textured 
vegetable protein products that meet the requirements of 
FNS Notice 219. (Note: FNS is USDA’s Food & Nutrition 
Service). Distributors with their own brands and original 
manufacturers are clearly distinguished.
 Note: Dawson Mills is not mentioned in either of these 
lists, however on p. 2 of the report is a full-page photo 
with the caption: “Food scientist, Kris Olson, prepares test 
samples in Dawson Mills test kitchen.” Pages 51-52 are 
also devoted to photos of Dawson Mills. The caption on 
p. 51 (2 photos) reads: “David Hammond, soy specialties 
superintendent, studies soy specialty plant model used for 
planning and construction of Dawson Mills plant, below.” 
The caption on p. 52 (6 photos) reads: “Owen Oelsen, 
bacteriologist, runs a test in the Dawson Mills laboratory, 
while chemist Nancy Boese performs protein testing. Owen 

=== PAGE 158 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   158
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021


=== PAGE 159 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   159
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Oelsen works with ﬁ ber analysis equipment. Chemists Steve 
Owen and Tim Maus are engaged in product development 
experiments. Pilot size extruder located in laboratory.”
 Both the table and the bar chart are taken from the 
summary in Soybean Digest since they are easier to read. 
Address: USA.
491. USDA Farmer Cooperative Service. FCS Research 
Report. 1976. Appendix–Companies producing and 
distributing soy products. No. 33. p. 53-82. Jan. Edible Soy 
Protein: Operational Aspects of Producing and Marketing. 
[60 ref]
• Summary: Part I. “Companies producing and/or 
distributing under private label brands of textured vegetable 
protein products that meet the requirements of FNS Notice 
219.” (Note: FNS is USDA’s Food & Nutrition Service). 
Lists every known company making such products (as of 
Sept. 1974), with the company address and the full name 
of each product. The following companies and brands are 
listed; (D) = Distributors: Allen Foods (D) Lasco; Archer 
Daniels Midland Co. TVP; Biggers Bros. (D) Farmbest 
Promate; Cargill Inc. Textratein; Central Soya Co. Inc. 
Promosoy, Centex; Continental Coffee Co. (D) Continental; 
Continental Organization of Distributor Enterprises, Inc. 
(D) Code Fortiﬁ ed; Embassy Grocery Corp. (D) Lucky 
Boy Pro-Tenda; Far-Mar-Co, Inc. Ultra-Soy; Federated 
Foods, Inc. (D) Parade Promate; First Spice Mixing Co., 
Inc. (D) Texite; Frozen Food Forum, Inc. (D) Frosty Acres; 
Galanides, Inc. (D) Galanides; General Mills, Inc. Bontrae 
(Frozen Hydrated or Dehydrated); Grifﬁ th Laboratories 
Grifﬁ th’s GL-219, Promate, GSVP, GSPC; B. Heller & Co. 
(D) Heller’s; Hollymatic Corp. (D) Hollymatic; Institutional 
Wholesalers, Inc. (D) Saxony; Lauhoff Grain Co., Inc. Vita-
Pro; Marshall Produce Co. (D) Marshall; Miles Laboratories 
Maxten, Temptein; Nabisco, Inc. VMR I or II; National 
Institutional Food Distributor Associates, Inc. (D) NIFDA 
Promate; National Protein Corp. Textrasoy; National School-
Pak (D) Promate; Nugget Distributors, Inc. (D) Nugget 
Promate, Nugget Magi-Pro; Oppenheimer Casing Co. (D) 
Textured Oppenheimer Pro; Portland Wholesale Grocery Co. 
(D) Preferred Stock; Ralcon Foods SPF-200; Ralston Purina 
Co. SUPRO; S.E. Rykoff & Co. (D) S.E.R.; John Sexton 
& Co. (D) Sexton Protein Plus; A.E. Staley Mfg. Co. Food 
Service Div. Nutra-Mate; A.E. Staley Mfg. Co. Mira-Tex; 
Swift Edible Oil Co. Swift’s Texgran, SFP-TA, Burger-Aide 
I; Sysco Corp. (D) Sysco and Sysco Promate.
 New additions to the list: Custom Food Products, Inc. 
(D) CFP; Miles Labs. Pro-Lean; Industrial Grain Products 
Ltd. Perplus; General Spice, Inc. Sotex.
 Part II (p. 70-81). “Companies producing and/or 
distributing under private label acceptable textured vegetable 
protein product mixes.” Alberto-Culver Co. Milani; 
Bernard Food Industries, Inc. Tex-Pro; Biggers Brothers 
Inc. Farmbest; Continental Organization of Distributor 
Enterprises CODE; Federated Foods, Inc. Red & White 
or Parade; Kraft Foods. Kraft School Lunch Chili Mix & 
Textured Vegetable Protein. Kraft School Lunch Sloppy Joe 
Mix & Textured Vegetable Protein. Footnote: The textured 
vegetable protein component of the Kraft mixes is Promate 
#500-SL or Promate #100-SL manufactured by Grifﬁ th 
Labs. Lawry’s Foods, Inc. Stretch; Milwaukee Seasoning 
Laboratories, Inc. MSL TVP, Flavormate; National 
Institutional Food Distributor Associates, Inc. NIFDA; 
National School Pak; North American Laboratory Co., Inc. 
Magic Menu; Nugget Distributors, Inc. Nugget; Sysco; 
Williams Foods, Inc. Williams Expand; The Golden Dipt Co. 
Golden Dipt/DCA.
 Note: The above product mixes are used in the Type 
A school lunch. Typical mixes are for chili mix, meat loaf 
or meatballs, patty mix, pizza sauce, sloppy joe, spaghetti 
sauce, or taco ﬁ lling. The name of the manufacturer of the 
textured soy protein ingredient is given for each. Address: 
Farmer Cooperative Service.
492. Pogeler, Glenn H. 1976. Experience resume. 1 p. May 
1. Unpublished typescript. 28 cm.
• Summary: “Domestic area: Total of eleven years with the 
Cooperative Grain Elevators in Iowa, with three years as 
Assistant Manager and eight years as Manager. Bought and 
sold corn, oats and soybeans. Had a State grain grading and 
weigher’s license.
 “Twenty-one years as General Manager of North Iowa 
Soybean Cooperative. The ﬁ rst ten years at Manly, Iowa, and 
the last eleven years at Mason City, Iowa. Over the 21 years 
was personally responsible for the purchase and processing 
and merchandising of approximately 75 million bushels of 
soybeans.
 “In my position for several years I kept abreast of grain 
grading procedures and changes in grain standards. Was a 
member of grain grades committee of the National Soybean 
Processors Association.
 “Export Area: Was President of the Soybean Council 
of America from 1964 to 1969. As a part of the market 
development program worked with foreign buyers and 
interested parties on quality problems related to deliveries 
of grain overseas. Was responsible for ten ofﬁ ces engaged 
in developing and expanding markets for soybeans and 
products.”
 In the lower left is Pogeler’s bold signature.
493. Lamm, R. McFall, Jr. 1976. The production of vegetable 
oil and vegetable oil products in the United States. Virginia 
Polytechnic Institute, Department of Agricultural Economics, 
Research Division Bulletin No. 118. 41 p. July. [17 ref]
• Summary: Contents: List of tables. List of ﬁ gures. 
Introduction. The nature of production in the vegetable 
oil industry: Production of crude soybean oil and meal, 
production of reﬁ ned soybean oil, production of cooking 

=== PAGE 160 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   160
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
oil, production of margarine, production of shortening, 
production of mayonnaise and salad dressing, a note on 
concentration and vertical integration in the vegetable oil 
industry. Summary. Literature consulted.
 Consolidation in the soybean crushing industry (p. 8-9): 
The Census of Manufacturers reports periodically on the 
number of soybean processing plants. This number grew 
from 26 in 1937, to 47 in 1939, to 133 in 1947. But in the 
early 1950s the number of plants began to decrease, though 
individual plants were increasing in size. There were only 
117 plants in 1958, dropping to 102 in 1962 and 1967, then 
to only 94 in 1972.
 Shortening (p. 25-26): In the late 1800s a surplus of 
cottonseed oil developed in the USA as a result of expansion 
of the cotton industry. It was discovered that this oil could 
be blended with lard without signiﬁ cantly changing the 
properties of the lard. The blended product, made mostly by 
meat packing companies, was called “compound” and was 
the forerunner of modern shortenings. With the introduction 
of the hydrogenation process in 1909, hydrogenated 
vegetable oil (mostly cottonseed oil) quickly replaced 
“compound” as the preferred type of blended shortening.
 Table 2.61 (p. 28) gives statistics on per capita 
consumption of fats and oils products including cooking 
oil, margarine, shortening, mayonnaise and salad 
dressing, butter, and lard each decade from 1910 to 1970. 
Consumption in margarine increased from 1.6 lb in 1910 to 
11.0 lb in 1970. Butter decreased from 18.3 lb in 1910 to 5.3 
lb in 1970.
 Concentration and vertical integration (p. 35-36): 
Many products in the vegetable oil industry are produced at 
processing facilities with several “plants within one plant.” 
The arrangement reduces transportation and management 
costs, but it requires that the ﬁ rm be either vertically or 
horizontally integrated.
 “In the soybean processing industry three of the ﬁ ve 
largest producers are integrated vertically in the oil products 
business. These three ﬁ rms are Central Soya, Anderson-
Clayton, and Archer-Daniels-Midland. Central Soya 
processes crude soybean oil, reﬁ nes vegetable oil, and has 
a subsidiary which produces margarine and mayonnaise. 
Anderson-Clayton processes crude soybean oil, reﬁ nes 
vegetable oil, and produces cooking oil, margarine, 
shortening, and salad dressings. Archer-Daniels-Midland 
processes crude soybean oil, reﬁ nes vegetable oil, and 
produces cooking oil, margarine, and shortening. Riceland 
Foods, a farmer’s cooperative, although not one of the 
ﬁ ve largest soybean processors in the soybean processing 
industry, is probably the single most integrated vegetable 
oil ﬁ rm in the country. This company produces soybeans, 
processes crude soybean oil, reﬁ nes vegetable oil, and 
produces cooking oil and shortening.” Address: Blacksburg, 
Virginia.
494. Pogeler, Glenn H. 1976. Biographical sketch. 2 p. Aug. 
1. Unpublished typescript. 28 cm.
• Summary: Page 2 states: “Before joining the Department 
of Agriculture in 1970, Mr. Pogeler acted as team leader to 
a group of seven Cooperative Experts in conducting a series 
of Cooperative Workshops held in Turkey, Iran, and East and 
West Pakistan.
 “Mr. Pogeler’s career has includes 32 years of 
Cooperative management in the Grain and Soybean 
Processing business. During this time he has served as:
 “Director–National Soybean Processors Assoc. and 
served one term as Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
Chicago, Illinois. President & Director–Soybean Council of 
America, Inc., Arlington, Virginia.
 “Director–National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, 
Washington, DC. Director–First National Bank, Mason City, 
Iowa.
 “Director–North Iowa Fair Assoc., Mason City, Iowa. 
Chairman–Board of Directors, Vegetable Oil Export Corp., 
Washington, DC.
 “Chairman–Agricultural Committee, Mason City 
Chamber of Commerce, Mason City, Iowa. Member–Mason 
City Airport Commission, Mason City, Iowa.
 “Secretary-Treasurer, Soy-Cot Sales, Inc., Des Plaines, 
Illinois. Member–Chicago Board of Trade, Chicago, Illinois.
 “Member–American Soybean Association, Hudson, 
Iowa. Member–Peace Lutheran Church, Alexandria, 
Virginia. Chairman. Chairman–The Interagency Commodity 
Estimates Committee in USDA for Soybeans, Flaxseed, 
Cottonseed, and Oils.”
495. Quass, Donald W. 1976. Soy protein products: Soy 
Flour and grits. In: Archer Daniels Midland Co., comp. 1976. 
Edible Soy Protein Seminar. Decatur, Illinois. 220 p. See p. 
86-106. Held at Moscow, USSR and Warsaw, Poland. [17 
ref]
• Summary: Contents: History and justiﬁ cation. General 
manufacturing processes. Differentiation of products. 
Compositional information. Functional properties. 
Applications. Conclusion. Seven tables. Address: Director of 
R&D, Dawson Mills, Dawson, Minnesota 56232.
496. Koch, Carol. 1976. USSR, Polish seminars foundation 
for future contracts. Soybean Digest. Nov. p. 19.
• Summary: “’Edible soy protein seminars being conducted 
in Poland and the USSR are just the foundation on which 
we hope to build a future for soybean market development 
in these countries,’ according to Dennis Blankenship, ASA 
director of market development.
 “Conducted in late October, Blankenship remarked that 
these seminars marked the ﬁ rst time American industry could 
deal directly with prospective Soviet and East European 
customers on the topic of soy protein foods as a means 
of meeting world food needs. The seminars were jointly 

=== PAGE 161 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   161
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
sponsored by ASA, the Food Protein Council and the Foreign 
Agricultural Service.
 “Drawing together expert technicians in the production 
and application of various soy protein products, the seminars 
briefed government and institutional feeding ofﬁ cials 
on the uses soy could have in their nutritional programs. 
Delegates came from the USSR, Hungary, Poland, Romania, 
Yugoslavia, East Germany, Czechoslovakia and Bulgaria.
 “Among, the speakers at the seminars was Richard 
Burket, Archer Daniels Midland. According to Burket, ‘As 
an industry, the edible soy protein industry is rather young.’ 
But as a food product, it ﬁ nds uses ranging ‘from basic [soy] 
ﬂ our to the textured products and are used in everything 
from bakery products to meat and dairy products.’ It looks to 
be a growing market on an international basis, he contends, 
because soy protein provides an economic protein source 
that is versatile. It’s biggest boost came from the U.S. 
Government when it’s use was approved in school lunch 
programs thus opening the door to the growing institutional 
feeding market.
 “One portion of the seminar discussed the nutritional 
aspects of soy protein products; the general manufacturing 
process plus composition, function and nutritional properties 
of soy ﬂ our and grits; textured soy protein products, and 
soy concentrates and isolates. Speaking to these topics, 
respectively, were Dr. Irvin E. Liener, Univ. of Minnesota; 
Dr. Donald Quass, Dawson Mills, Minnesota; Dr. Bernard 
Link, Cargill Inc., Minnesota; Dr. L.D. Williams, Central 
Soya Co., Illinois.
 “The second part of each seminar covered the various 
applications of soy ranging from consumer applications 
to bakery, meat and whipping applications plus a look 
at developments that may take place in the future. Chris 
Edwards, Ralston Purina S.A., Belgium, opened the 
discussion of soy applications and was followed by Robert 
Bartz, Nabisco Protein Foods, New Jersey; Dr. Morton S. 
Cole, Archer Daniels Midland, Illinois; William Readdy, 
Grifﬁ th Laboratories, Illinois; Jaap Van Son, A.E. Staley, The 
Netherlands; and Sheldon J. Hauck, Food Protein Council, 
Washington, D.C.
 “Addressing both seminars on the future soybean 
supply prospects and technology available to U.S. soybean 
farmers were Dick Falb, ASA, and Gerald Michaelson, ASA 
president from Dawson, Minnesota.
 Keynoting the Moscow meeting was U.S. Assistant 
Secretary of Agriculture Richard Bell, and U.S. Ambassador 
Richard T. Davies opened the Warsaw conference.
 “A special 1-day seminar on soybean meal utilization 
followed the USSR meeting.
 “Following an introduction to participants by Alan 
Trick, ag attache, Dick Falb, ASA, provided an overview of 
U.S. soybean production. Then the conferees were given the 
technical information for application of soybean meal in their 
livestock and poultry rations.
 “Dr. Keith Smith, ASA animal nutritionist, discussed 
the production, composition and utilization of soybean meal; 
and Dr. Park Waldroup, Univ. of Arkansas, delineated current 
trends in amino acid nutrition.
 “Dr. Vaughn Speer, Iowa State Univ., addressed the use 
of soybean meal and amino acid requirements for pregnancy 
and lactation in swine. Closing out this special conference 
was W.W. Cravens, Central Soya, discussing soybean meal 
usage in U.S. feed.
 “With favorable reception of these seminars, both from 
the soy for human nutrition standpoint and for livestock 
rations, Blankenship says ASA hopes to be able to expand 
communication channels between the U.S. and these 
countries.”
497. Abrahamsen, Martin Abraham. 1976. Cooperative 
business enterprise. New York, NY: McGraw-Hill. xix + 491 
p. Illust. 25 cm. *
• Summary: A valuable study that explains clearly how 
farmer cooperatives operate.
498. Arnett, Maralea. 1976. The annals and scandals 
of Henderson County, Kentucky, 1775-1975. Corydon, 
Kentucky: Fremar Publishing Co. See p. 144, 148-50.
• Summary: A map of Kentucky on the title page shows 
that Henderson County, in northwestern Kentucky, has a 
long north side that borders the Ohio River, just south of 
Indiana. In Chapter 10, titled “Agriculture is the county’s no. 
1 industry,” is a section (p. 144) on Benjamin Edward Niles, 
who served two terms as state representative and was the ﬁ rst 
Hendersonian to become president of the Kentucky Farm 
Bureau Federation. After 1914 he gave all of his time to 
agriculture. A strong advocate of cooperatives, he “originated 
and sponsored the Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-operative 
Association, the ﬁ rst in the State.” However he died in 1941, 
the year the co-op began operations.
 Another section (p. 148-50) titled “Ohio Valley Soybean 
Co-operative,” states: “Long before soybeans became 
America’s no. 1 cash crop, the farmers in Henderson County 
had formed the Ohio Valley Soy Bean Co-op to market 
their product. Again, Ben Niles was the leader, but a group 
of farmers went with the county agent to inspect various 
soybean plants in adjoining states and had to chew soybeans 
all day to determine water content. G.H. McMurty says his 
addiction to soybeans as a snack, in place of peanuts, dates 
from that day. On June 18, 1941, the grain elevator had been 
remodeled at a cost of $60,000 and was formally opened as a 
co-op. G.W. Allen was made manager and the price jumped 
20 cents per bushel and has continued to climb. When the 
Kentucky Soybean Association was organized in 1970, a 
Henderson man, Jim Esche, was elected president.
 A full-page photo shows the outside of the Ohio Valley 
Soy Bean Co-operative. No date is given. Address: Librarian, 
Henderson County, Kentucky.

=== PAGE 162 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   162
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
499. Dawson Mills. 1976. Annual report: 25th anniversary. 
Dawson, Minnesota. 20 p. 22 x 28 cm.
• Summary: An excellent historical document, with many 
photos. Contents: To our members: Fiscal 1976, History, 
by E.S. Boraas, chairman of the board, and Joe Givens, 
president and general manager. Dawsoy–”Protein for the 
world from Midwest U.S.A.” 25 year time capsule–photos 
and tables. A quarter century of progress (basic statistics). 
Bar chart of soybean processed by year (1952-1976). 
Patronage refunds–1976. Comparative balance sheet. 
Comparative statement of operations (for the year ended 31 
Aug. 1976). Distribution of net savings.
 History: 1956–The decision was made and the capital 
borrowed to increase the capacity of the plant machinery 
to allow processing of 80 tons of soybeans daily. This cut 
unit costs so that good returns were earned for the soybean 
patrons. 1959–A new solvent extractor and other equipment 
were installed which increased the daily through-put to 
200 tons. This new equipment was designed in Dawson 
and developed with the cooperation of Crown Iron Works 
Co. in Minneapolis. 1964–The 1959 extraction system was 
replaced with new equipment that would process 600 tons 
of soybeans/day into oil and meal. 1971–Another extractor 
and related equipment were added which brought processing 
capacity to 1,300 tons of soybeans daily. 1972–Late that year 
Dawson Mills began to manufacture edible soy grits; since 
that time many thousands of tons have been made. “Most 
of these grits have been distributed by ‘Food for Peace’ 
programs and have been used to improve diets of needy 
people all over the world.” 1973–”Prices of grain, meat, 
and other food items skyrocketed to unprecedented heights. 
There was much publicity about worldwide food shortages 
and the importance of vegetable protein to improve the diets 
of all people. Because of the optimistic future painted, the 
decision was made to go further into the manufacture of soy 
foods... a Soy Specialties plant was built to manufacture 
defatted soy ﬂ akes, soy ﬂ our and textured soy ﬂ our.”
 The page titled “Dawsoy” states: Our “brochure 
describing Dawsoy products was translated into four foreign 
languages and has been distributed widely in Latin America, 
the Far East, the Middle East, and Europe, as well as in the 
U.S.A. Our representative in Europe has made numerous 
contacts which have been fruitful and the sale of Dawsoy 
products in Europe is gaining momentum.
 “In October, a member of the Research Department was 
involved in presenting a seminar in Moscow, Russia and 
one in Warsaw, Poland. Another member of the staff has just 
returned from two weeks of promotion work in Europe.
 “Soy grits, which was Dawson Mills’ entry into the food 
market, continued to be the large volume sales product. To 
date most of our soy grits have been used in the ‘Food for 
Peace’ program; however, there has been a shift to more 
domestic use of this product.” Soy ﬂ our has made steady 
sales growth. “The textured soy products [textured soy ﬂ our], 
which were large sales items by other companies in 1972-
1973, have been less in demand with the advent of lower 
meat prices. Dawson Mills has just begun to penetrate this 
market.” The people associated with “Soy Specialties” are 
“dedicated to provide high quality soy products to the food 
industry and additional net savings for the member/owners 
of Dawson Mills.” As of 1976 Dawson Mills: Has 169 full 
time employees. Has 158 member elevators. Processed 
14,645,123 bushels of soybeans during the year, or (on 
average) 42,450 bushels/day. Had total sales of $81,875,698 
(62% from soybean meal and 38% from crude soybean 
oil) and net savings of $2,503,435. Paid patronage refunds 
of 16.5 cents/bushel. Has total assets of $22.777 million. 
Address: Dawson, Minnesota. Phone: 612/769-4386.
500. Business Week. 1977. The billion-dollar farm co-ops 
nobody knows: They have take over a third of the $165 
billion agribusiness market, with revenues doubling to $57 
billion. Feb. 7. p. 54-58, 63-64.
• Summary: This critical article, which focuses on Farmland 
Industries, Inc., was published just a few days before Far-
Mar-Co members voted to approve a merger with Farmland. 
In the 6 years from 1970 to 1976, Farmland’s sales tripled 
to $1.9 billion under CEO Ernest Lindsey. A table (p. 54-55) 
shows the ten largest U.S. farm co-ops, in descending order 
of their 1975 sales (in million dollars; Source: Cooperative 
annual reports): 1. Farmland Industries $1,529. 2. Associated 
Milk Producers $1,478. 3. Agway $1,329. 4. Grain Terminal 
Association $1,261. 5. Land O’Lakes $1,124. 6. Far-Mar-Co 
$1,007. 7. Gold Kist $828. 8. Illinois Grain $806. 9. Indiana 
Farm Bureau Cooperative $697. 10. Farmers Grain Dealers 
Association of Iowa $652. In 1975 the top ten accounted for 
20% of the total sales of all U.S. farm co-ops.
 These rapidly growing co-ops, which are owned by 
farmer-members, were originally formed to market the 
crops of their farmer-members. But their second business 
has become buying supplies in bulk at reduced prices and 
reselling them to their members. Now they are starting to 
get into agricultural exports in a big way. These co-ops are 
not well known outside the Midwest. Land O’Lakes, for 
example, is the nation’s largest maker of butter. The article 
refers to Farmland as a “giant” and the “most aggressive co-
op” in the United States, but notes that the 7,500 other U.S. 
farm coops are also growing at about the same stunning rate. 
The co-ops, “many linked in intricate, mutually supportive 
networks, are emerging as the most important force in U.S. 
agribusiness”–a $165 billion market.
 The writer adds that until recently. the growth of large 
cooperatives has been one “of the best kept secrets” in 
American business, and that these huge enterprises provide 
unfair competition to noncooperative businesses because of 
tax breaks (at the end of each year, they return all proﬁ ts–
ranging from about 2% to 20% of sales–to their farmer-

=== PAGE 163 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   163
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
owners, and do not have to pay federal income taxes on 
these returned proﬁ ts; so co-op tax rates are only about one-
third those of their industrial competitors) and exemption 
from antitrust laws (which, for example, limit mergers and 
acquisitions). The refunds and many beneﬁ ts of co-ops 
have attracted farmers like a magnet; today about 83% of 
all farmers belong to at least one co-op. The writer pictures 
cooperatives as having “forced independent farm suppliers 
out of business in droves.”
501. J. of the American Oil Chemists’ Society. 1977. 
Continuous solvent extraction... The early beginnings of a 
giant industry. 54(3):202A-204A. March.
• Summary: The origins of solvent extraction: On 13 Nov. 
1855 a patent to extract fat from bones and wool using 
carbon bisulphide was issued in France to E. Deiss. On 
3 Dec. 1856 additional patents were issued to the same 
inventor covering extraction of oil from oil-bearing seeds.
 In the USA a batch solvent extraction plant at Southport 
Mills, New Orleans, Louisiana, ran in 1917-1919 on 
aviation-type gasoline and later on benzene to remove 
oil from cottonseed cake, copra, palm kernel, and other 
oleaginous material. The experiment ended when business 
conditions returned to normal in the USA after World War I.
 The origins of continuous solvent extraction are 
integrally linked with soybeans, largely because soybeans 
contain less oil than most oilseeds. “The end of World War 
I left Germany with a shortage of fats and oils as well as 
animal feedstuffs. The Germans began to seek better ways 
to get the most out of their imported Manchurian soybeans. 
Two continuous solvent extractors using countercurrent 
principles were developed. The Bollman [Bollmann], or 
basket, extractor, was patented in Germany in 1919 and 
1920; the Hildebrandt, or U-tube, extractor, was patented in 
1934.
 “Solvent extraction also was being tried in the United 
States. In Monticello, Illinois, the Piatt County Soybean 
Cooperative Company operated a batch plant in 1923-24; 
Eastern Cotton Oil Company operated a Bollman extractor 
from Germany, at Norfolk, Virginia, in 1924-25. Both 
ventures proved unproﬁ table.”
 “Prosco Oil Co. in Norfolk, Virginia, ran a solvent 
extraction operation for several years in the 1920s. A 
relatively small quantity of soybeans was processed. “Most 
early efforts at solvent extraction failed at least partially 
because of a lack of sufﬁ cient volume of soybeans.
 “The best publicized effort in the United States was 
part of Henry Ford’s soybean research plant at the Edison 
Institute (see accompanying article). Ford perceived farmers 
as his prime customers for his Model T automobile and 
decided if he wanted farmers for customers, he would have 
to ﬁ nd a new way for industry to become a customer for 
farmers.
 “’ADM and Glidden initiated large-scale solvent 
extraction of soybeans (in the United States) in 1934,’ John 
Cowan recently wrote in an introduction for a forthcoming 
volume on soybean oil. ‘By importing equipment from 
Germany for the manufacture of oil, meal, and phosphatides. 
The plants processed 100 tons a day.’
 “The ADM and Glidden plants were both in Chicago 
and both utilized Hildebrandt, or U-tube, extractors, with a 
petroleum of the hexane-type as a solvent. The ADM plant 
went on stream in March 1934, A.E. MacGee says [in a 
1947 article for Oil Mill Gazetteer], with the Glidden plant 
following about November 1934.
 “On Oct. 7, 1935, the Glidden plant at 1845 N. Laramie 
Ave. reopened after being shut down for ﬁ ve weeks. At 11:40 
that morning the plant was destroyed in an explosion that 
shattered windows as far as a mile away and rained bricks on 
nearby structures. Eleven persons died and 43 were injured... 
The explosion apparently was triggered by a solvent leak... 
Cowan says the plant was immediately rebuilt at double its 
original capacity.
 “In those early 1930s while Ford was looking for 
industrial uses for soybeans and the ﬁ rst large-scale plants 
were rising in Chicago, Proctor & Gamble in Cincinnati had 
set Norman F. Kruse to work on soybean oil research. P&G 
was examining soybean oil for use in Crisco [shortening] 
and salad oils. In January 1933, P&G shifted a recent Purdue 
graduate, R.P. Hutchins, to the project as Kruse’s assistant. 
Kruse and Hutchins became friends, a friendship that would 
endure corporate animosity more than a decade later when 
each was with a different ﬁ rm.
 “’Kruse was a wonderful man,’ Hutchins recalls. ‘He set 
about to teach me everything he knew. He was completely 
unselﬁ sh.’ Kruse directed lab work with Hutchins, letting 
Hutchins write the reports so Kruse could spend more time 
working with the pilot plant crew.
 “In September 1936, Kruse left P&G for Central Soya 
and Hutchins became head of P&G’s soybean research 
efforts. Hutchins says Kruse left because he wanted to work 
on soybean oil extraction on a larger scale. If so, Kruse went 
to the right place. In 1936, the two-year-old Central Soya 
ﬁ rm sent Kruse and Harry C. Offutt to Germany to study 
continuous extractors. Kruse and Offutt recommended that 
Central Soya buy a Bollman (basket) extractor.” In Jan. 
1937, during a trans-Atlantic phone call, Dale W. McMillen, 
Central Soya’s founder, to buy the largest extractor available.
 Years later, in 1966, Harold W. McMillen, Dale’s son, 
told a dinner audience in Indiana that this decision came in 
the midst of the Great Depression, when solvent extraction 
was a new process, “and the future of the soybean was still 
regarded with skepticism by many.”
 In Nov. 1937 the plant went on stream in a ﬁ ve-story 
structure beside a cluster of tall (110 feet) silos that increased 
Central Soya storage capacity by 1 million bushels. With 
a capacity of 275 tons/day of soybeans, the plant was the 
largest of its time in the USA.

=== PAGE 164 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   164
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 In the fall of 1936 Honeymead Products Co. of Cedar 
Rapids, Iowa, opened a plant, based on the German process, 
with a capacity of 100 tons/day of soybeans.
 “Kruse’s former employer, Proctor & Gamble, had 
a subsidiary ﬁ rm in Louisville [Kentucky] that produced 
cottonseed oil for P&G products, Hutchins says. Cotton 
acreage around Louisville was declining, soybean acreage 
was increasing. P&G decided to buy a Bollman extractor for 
a new plant in Louisville.
 “In September 1939 with ground broken and 
foundations started in Louisville, and the extractor sitting 
on the Hamburg docks for imminent shipment to the United 
States, England declared war on Germany and a blockade 
of her ports. Hutchins recalls the German manufacturer said 
the extractor could be delivered via overland routes to Italy, 
still neutral at the time, for shipment to the United States. 
P&G, perhaps mindful that its English operations depended 
on government allocation of scarce raw materials, decided 
not to try to circumvent the English blockade. Instead, 
P&G turned to Piqua, Ohio where French Oil Mill’s C.B. 
Upton recently had hired Harry Robinson as solvent plant 
superintendent. Robinson had been with Central Soya when 
the Decatur, Indiana, plant was built, but apparently he and 
Kruse had clashed. Robinson left and brought his know-how 
to French Oil.
 “French Oil told P&G it could produce a virtual copy of 
the Hansa-Muhle V . Bollman unit stranded on the Hamburg 
docks. Allis-Chalmers preparation equipment was to be used, 
but the extractor was the ﬁ rst one to be built in the United 
States by French Oil. The extractor based on Central Soya’s 
unit, went into operation during February 1941.” Continued.
502. J. of the American Oil Chemists’ Society. 1977. 
Trichloroethylene. 54(3):205A. March.
• Summary: “One effort to produce a small, safe [solvent] 
extractor during the 1930s and 1940s led to an unexpected 
result–the death of cattle” that ate the meal. In the USA early 
work on the development of a solvent extractor that used 
trichloroethylene was done at Iowa State University. This 
solvent was selected because it is nonﬂ ammable at normal 
temperatures.
 But many articles had been published in Europe, 
some before World War I, warning of the potential dangers 
of feeding to cattle trichloroethylene extracted soybean 
meal (TESOM). Yet in the late 1930s through about 1947, 
soybeans were extracted with trichloroethylene in quite a few 
small plants in the USA with no apparent bloody noses or 
deaths, says John Cowan [NRRC, Peoria, Illinois].
 L.K. Arnold of Iowa State Univ., now retired in Texas, 
says “Iowa State shipped quite a lot of meal to Cornell 
University [Ithaca, New York] where tests were run on two 
sets of cattle.” Cornell reported the meal was non-toxic, and 
Arnold and co-workers assumed that evaluation was correct. 
But today Arnold thinks that toxicity didn’t show up because 
“the amount they used in the feed mixture was too small.”
 “Whatever the reason, the danger went unperceived. 
Iowa State licensed Crown Iron Works in Minneapolis to 
sell the extractor. Crown Iron had been in the extraction 
industry before, but with the end of World War II had begun 
to look for ways to diversify, according to Joe Givens, now 
manager of Dawson Mills at Dawson, Minnesota. He was to 
be manager of Crown Iron’s pilot extractor plant.
 “Iowa State has built a plant in Plain ﬁ eld, Iowa. Crown 
Iron’s ﬁ rst plant began to go up in Glencoe, Minnesota, in 
1949 and was completed in 1950. Plants were to follow 
rapidly at Blooming Prairie, Minnesota; Granite Forks, 
South Dakota [sic, Grand Forks, North Dakota]; Townsend, 
Indiana; Vermont, Illinois; and Fremont, Nebraska.
 “But in December of 1951, Givens recalls, the roof fell 
in. Cattle had begun to keel over and die within 35 days. The 
meal reacted in the ruminants’ digestive tract in a unique and 
fatal manner. Swine and poultry fed the feed did well.
 “’By January of 1952, I would say all of the plants had 
closed down with the exception of Dawson Mills,’ Givens 
says.” At Dawson, Givens removed the pressure toasting 
and “scrubbed the meal in process with live steam that either 
removed the trichlorethylene or the toxic material. The 
Dawson plant also labeled its product ‘not for ruminants.’”
 Trichloroethylene plants built by Crown Iron Works 
were “converted to hexane solvent and the ﬁ rm stayed in the 
solvent extraction industry, building its ﬁ rst 200-ton extractor 
in 1959; it recently completed a 2,000 ton plant with two 
extractors and is ﬁ nishing a 1,500 ton one-extractor plant for 
MFA [Missouri Farmers Assoc.] this year. It also markets a 
desolventizer toaster-dryer-cooler.”
 Dr. Cowan believes that “trichloroethylene probably 
reacted with SH groups in the meal to produce agents that 
caused the bloody nose and aplastic anemia.” “The precise 
reaction between solvent and meal and cattle was never 
pinpointed.”
503. Far-Mar-Co, Inc. 1977. Far-Mar-Co: The sources for all 
seasonings (Ad). Food Engineering 49(4):5. April.
• Summary: This full-page ad states: “Just as you came to 
know us as a leading source for textured vegetable protein 
with our incomparable Ultra Soy, we’re conﬁ dent you will 
recognize Far-Mar-Co as your source of all seasonings.” 
Address: Far-Mar-Co, Inc., 960 North Halstead, Hutchinson, 
Kansas 67501.
504. Hall, John B. 1977. Soy protein, wheat starch and vital 
wheat gluten in convenience foods. Cereal Foods World 
22(4):144-46, 148. April. [3 ref]
• Summary: The following ﬁ gures are for estimated 1977 
volume and approximate list price per pounds for various 
soy protein foods: Soy ﬂ our and grits (55% protein on a dry 
weight basis), 540 million lb, $0.15-0.15/lb. Soy protein 
concentrates (70% protein), 80 million lb, $0.34-0.36/lb. Soy 

=== PAGE 165 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   165
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
protein isolates (90% protein), 80 million lb, $0.70-0.76/lb. 
Textured soy ﬂ our (55% protein) costs $0.25/lb. Spun soy 
ﬁ ber (90% protein) costs $0.90.
 “Soy ﬂ our for human consumption was ﬁ rst made in 
the United States in 1926. The product was sold as ‘health 
ﬂ our’ and had a very limited market, as most people could 
not tolerate the bitter ﬂ avor.” But over the years, product 
quality has steadily improved. Today the “edible soy protein 
industry has sales of an estimated $180 million annually. 
Approximately 45% of this would be the sale of soy ﬂ our 
(including textured soy protein). Soy protein concentrate 
would provide approximately 16% and soy protein isolate 
approximately 33%. The remaining 6% would be other 
further processed soy products.”
 Vital wheat gluten: The projected annual growth of 
the market should exceed 8%. “Of the current (1977) 
estimated annual [U.S.] consumption of 110 million pounds, 
approximately 40% is currently imported with a 10% tariff. 
The growth of convenience foods will provide an increased 
market for vital wheat gluten.
 The estimated edible utilization of vital wheat gluten 
in 1975 (according to a 1976 private study by Technomic 
Research Associates) was: Baked goods (rolls, specialty 
breads, crackers/breadsticks) 55 million lb, 69% of total use. 
Prepared cereals 12 million lb, 15% of total use. Pet foods 7 
million lb, 8% of total use. Meat analogs 3 million lb, 4% of 
total use. Processed meats 1 million lb, 1% of total use. All 
other foods 2 million lb, 3% of total use. In these foods, the 
gluten serves as a binder and adds protein. A photo shows 
J.B. Hall, the author.
 Update: 1995. Oct. 20. Talk with Giles Kinast in 
Personnel Dept. at PMS Foods. John Hall died several years 
ago. His wife, Doby or Dobie Hall, may still live in the area 
of Kansas City or Overland Park, Kansas. Address: Far-Mar-
Co, Inc., 960 North Halstead, Hutchinson, Kansas 67501.
505. Seligsohn, Mel. 1977. The co-ops are coming! The 
co-ops are coming!: A new era in farm co-ops presents food 
companies with both problems and new opportunities. Food 
Engineering 49(4):16-18, 20. April.
• Summary: In this article about the bigness of cooperatives, 
the writer found the size of the merger between Farmland 
Industries and Far-Mar-Co to be “stunning.” Far-Mar-Co will 
become a subsidiary of Farmland, which is based in Kansas 
City, Missouri. Ernest T. Lindsey, president of Farmland 
for the last 10 years, is now CEO of the new conglomerate. 
Do co-ops have too much power? Food companies are very 
upset about the much lower tax rates applied to co-ops.
 “Those accustomed to viewing co-ops as plodding, 
quaint relics of the era when farmers banded together for 
mutual protection to combat hard times of one sort or 
another,” he continued, had an incorrect concept of modern 
cooperatives. The new co-op combination of Farmland 
and Far-Mar-Co will have sales of $3 billion, making it 
America’s 100th top sales performer on the Fortune 500 list.
 There are some 4,500 farm co-ops in America. This 
decade has seen their total revenues more than double to $57 
billion, or more than one-third of the U.S. agribusiness total. 
Farm co-ops have expanded even faster than corporations in 
U.S. agribusiness. Their share of the farm products market 
increased from 20% in 1950 to 28% in 1970.
 The largest co-op in America, Farmland has 500,000 
members with sales of $1.5 billion in 1975 and pre-tax 
income of $196.9 million. Far-Mar Co., America’s sixth 
largest co-op, is owned by 250,000 farmers and in 1975 had 
sales of $1 billion. The largest grain marketing cooperative 
in the USA, it owns 600 grain elevators and expects to sell 
330 million bushels of wheat this year, or 15% of the nation’s 
total crop. Address: News Editor.
506. Olson, Gary. 1977. Automation keys new plant at 
Honeymead. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). May 31. p. 
15. Section 4.
• Summary: An aerial photo shows the Honeymead Products 
Company’s huge new, automated soybean processing 
plant in West Mankato. The company’s old plant is in the 
background. Company President Lowell Rasmussen says 
the new plant can unload as many as 25 trucks per hour, 
compared with 8-10 before; they unload their soybeans into 
“dump pits” and leave empty 30 seconds later.
 “Unloaded beans are lifted in 24,000 bushel-per-hours 
‘legs,’ or conveyors, to the top of the massive 156-foot 
‘headhouse,’ where they are either processed or temporarily 
channeled to eight storage bins with a 340,000 bushel 
capacity.” Address: Staff writer.
507. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmland Industries, Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  St. Joseph, Missouri.
Date of Introduction:  1977 May.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Note: On 2 May 1977 Far-
Mar-Co became part of Farmland Industries. So Farmland 
was now running the old Dannen Mills plant in St. Joseph, 
Missouri.
508. Food Technology. 1977. Dawson Mills buys General 
Mills’ technology. 31(5):216. May.
• Summary: Dawson Mills (Dawson, Minnesota) has 
purchased equipment and exclusive rights to soy protein 
isolate technology and spun isolate products from General 
Mills (Minneapolis, Minnesota). General Mills previously 
sold these products to institutions and food processors under 
the Bontrae trademark.
 Dawson Mills is moving the newly-acquired equipment 
to its headquarters; it will be located near the present 
Dawson Mills’ processing plant. Construction of a new 

=== PAGE 166 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   166
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
isolate processing facility began in April.
 Dawson Mills’ Specialties Division plans major 
expansions in the protein area both in the USA and overseas.
509. Food Processing (Chicago). 1977. Spun isolates. June. 
p. 32.
• Summary: Dawson Mills of Dawson, Minnesota, is 
constructing a new 60,000 square foot food plant on a 
200-acre site for making soy protein isolate, “spun isolate 
ﬁ ber, and spun analog products.” Estimated cost: $9.5 
million. Expected completion date: late 1978. Architect: 
Zejdlik, Harmala, Hysell, Delapp, Inc. Features sanitation in 
processing to meet USDA requirements.
510. Product Name:  Untoasted Soy Flour, Toasted Soy 
Flakes, and Soy Grits (Bulk and Bagged).
Manufacturer’s Name:  Honeymead Products Co.
Manufacturer’s Address:  P.O. Box 29, Mankato, MN 
56001.
Date of Introduction:  1977 June.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Digest Blue Book. 
1977. p. 33.
511. Honeymead Products Co. 1977. Honeymead Products 
[Golden Glow Soybean Meal; Linseed meal and sunﬂ ower 
meal] (Ad). Soybean Digest Blue Book. p. 117. June.
• Summary: Golden Glow soybean meal comes in high-
energy (47.5%) and regular (44%) protein. Available bulk or 
sacked. 100 lb burlap or 50 lb paper. Address: P.O. Box 29, 
Mankato, Minnesota.
512. Miner, Bert D.; Gallimore, William W. 1977. Soy 
protein use can increase 71% by 1985. Farmer Cooperatives 
44(4):4-6. July. Also issued as Farmer Cooperatives Reprint 
4, May 1977 (4 pages, unnumbered).
• Summary: Table 2, titled “Estimated industry production of 
soy protein products, 1976 and 1985” gives statistics divided 
into human food uses and industrial uses–in million pounds. 
For human food uses: Soy ﬂ our and grits is expected to 
increase from 395 in 1976 to 610 in 1985. Textured soy ﬂ our 
and grits from 79.0 to 152.5. Soy protein concentrates from 
66.5 to 119.0. Textured soy protein concentrates from 6.6 to 
17.8. Soy protein isolates from 47.2 to 94.5. Textured soy 
protein isolates from 2.4 to 9.4.
 For industrial uses: Soy ﬂ  our and grits is expected 
to increase from 245 million lb in 1976 to 480 in 1985. 
Textured soy ﬂ our and grits from 61.2 to 144.0. Soy protein 
concentrates from 17.5 to 38.5. Textured soy protein 
concentrates from 0.9 to 1.9. Soy protein isolates from 40.2 
to 49.0. Textured soy protein isolates from 0 to 0. Address: 
1. USDA FCS (Farmer Cooperative Service); 2. USDA ERS 
(Economic Research Service).
513. Menshaw, Ben. 1977. How does soy oil stack up against 
other oils. Soybean Digest. Aug. p. 16h.
• Summary: Soy oil has taken a taken a dramatic lead in 
use in the edible oils industry–for six main reasons: “(1) 
High level of unsaturation (54% linoleic acid and 8.3% 
linolenic acid).” (2) Liquid oil over a relatively wide 
temperature range (minimum 5-hour cold test). “(3) Can 
be hydrogenated under highly selective conditions for 
blending with semisolid or liquid oils. (4) Soy oil is slow in 
palmitic acid for utilization as a pourable, semisolid oil due 
to crystal structure. (5) It can be processed by removal of 
phosphatides, trace metals and soaps for a relatively stable 
oil. (6) It has tocopherols present as a natural antioxidant.” 
Address: Riceland Foods, Stuttgart, Arkansas.
514. Dawson Mills. 1977. Dawson Mills breaks ground for 
isolate facility (Leaﬂ et). Dawson, MN 56232. 1 p. Undated. 
28 cm.
• Summary: A large photo shows four men at a ground-
breaking ceremony, three wearing hard-hats and one holding 
a shovel. They are: Charles Kretchman, President of Dawson 
Chamber of Commerce; Joe Givens, President of Dawson 
Mills; Dan Hasslen of Hasslen Construction Company; and 
Ephriam Boraas, Chairman of the Dawson Mills Board.
 At the top of the sheet is Dawson Mills’ logo (a blue-
green triangle in a circle) followed by “Quality soybean 
products.”
 “On September 23, 1977, Dawson Mills formally broke 
ground for a $10 million soy isolate facility. The 100,000 
square feet building will be situated on a 220 acre site one 
mile east of Dawson.”
 “The new facility will provide Dawson Mills with 
annual production capacity of approximately 9 million 
pounds of isolates, spun ﬁ ber, and frozen ﬂ avored meat 
analogs. Entry into the isolate and analog market will 
broaden Dawson’s present edible product line of soy white 
ﬂ akes, ﬂ ours and grits.
 “Completion of construction is scheduled for November, 
1978 with production and market entry planned for early 
1979.”
 Note: In Oct. 1976 Dawson Mills was considering the 
purchase of General Mills’ soy protein isolate plant in Cedar 
Rapids, Iowa. In about May 1977 they purchased the plant 
and process for $10 million, then moved it to the outskirts of 
Dawson, Minnesota. Address: Dawson, Minnesota.
515. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1977. Honeymead 
works to reduce noise. Oct. 6. p. 2. Business section.
• Summary: Honeymead Products Co. is working to reduce 
noise at its new soybean processing plant in west Mankato.
516. Mankato Fr
 ee Press (Minnesota). 1977. New plant 
beneﬁ ts Honeymead, city. Oct. 31.
• Summary: A large aerial photo shows Honeymead 
Products Company’s new soybean processing plant in 

=== PAGE 167 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   167
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
west Mankato. The new plant is located next to the former 
one. Construction began in 1974 and the new plant began 
operating in June 1976. The soybean processing capacity is 
75,000 bushels/day.
517. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Gold Kist.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Marks, Mississippi.
Date of Introduction:  1977.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Dunn, John R. 1981. “Re: 
History of U.S. cooperative soybean processors.” Letter 
to William Shurtleff at Soyfoods Center. 3 p. Gold Kist 
operated a soybean crushing plant in Marks, Mississippi, 
from 1977 to 1981.
518. Dawson Mills. 1977. Annual report. Dawson, 
Minnesota. 10 p. 22 x 28 cm.
• Summary: In “Report: To our members” (p. 1-2), E.S. 
Boraas (chairman of the board of directors) and Joe Givens 
(president and general manager), note for the ﬁ scal year 
ended 31 Aug. 1977, that records were set in bushels of 
soybeans processed, total sales ($113 million), average price 
paid for soybeans ($7.37/bushel), average price received for 
meal ($203/ton). The dominating market factor during the 
year was the short soybean crop produced during the drought 
of 1976 in our trade area.” It was half the size of the 1977 
crop now coming to market. This meant higher transportation 
costs and higher prices paid for the soybeans. Thus there 
was a net savings of minus $1,171,626. “A large number of 
soybean processors showed similar losses. This is the ﬁ rst 
loss year your cooperative has had in the last 25 years of 
doing business.” Because of this loss, no dividends were paid 
on common or preferred stock, and no ownership capital was 
retired.
 Yet such a loss gives occasion to re ﬂ ect: “Over $31 
million has been saved by operations as allocated to patrons 
over the last 25 years. $14 million has been paid back to 
patrons in cash refunds. Dawson Mills is in strong ﬁ nancial 
condition.”
 “On January 19th a special meeting of the stockholders 
approved plans to manufacture isolated soybean protein. 
This project marks the beginning of a new phase in the 
development of your cooperative. Manufacture of products 
from isolated soy protein requires a higher level of 
technology than previous products manufactured. The new 
products will expand and diversify the soy specialty product 
line and should result in increased earnings for our patrons.”
 On page 3 is a full page color architectural drawing 
(aerial view) of a soy isolate plant (and immediate 
surroundings) for Dawson Mills by Zejdlik, Harmala, 
Delapp, Inc., architects of Minneapolis.
 The next page, titled “Isolate report,” states that the new 
facilities are under construction on a 220 acre site located 
one mile east of Dawson. The process building, warehouse 
and ofﬁ ce will cover about 1½ acres and have a total ﬂ oor 
space of 100,000 square feet. The $10 million project, 
including water treatment facilities building and equipment 
installation is scheduled for completion in November, 
1978. Soy protein isolate is made by further processing 
defatted soy ﬂ our or ﬂ akes. The new facility will also have 
specialized equipment capable of manufacturing meat 
analogs. It will spin the soy isolate into a ﬁ brous material 
which has many characteristics similar to meat. “Color 
and ﬂ avor are added to produce a ﬁ nal product that is like 
ham, beef, chicken or ﬁ sh. Although the current market for 
these products is limited, the potential for growth appears 
to be very good. The slogan ‘Protein for the World from 
Midwest U.S.A.’ is Dawson Mills’ commitment to produce 
high quality soy products...” Photos show: (1) Three men 
at ground breaking. (2) The ﬁ rst ﬂ oor of the huge building 
under construction. (3) Joe Givens. (4) Board of directors.
 Also contains sections on: Soybeans processed (graph). 
Cooperative elevator patronage (including GTA elevators 
for the ﬁ rst time). Comparative balance sheet. Statement of 
operations.
 Note: No mention is made of Dawsoy specialty products 
or of General Mills. Address: Dawson, Minnesota 56232. 
Phone: 612/769-4386.
519. Honeymead Products Co. 1977. Plant statistics. 
Mankato, Minnesota. 3 p. Unpublished typescript.
• Summary: Gives statistics for three parts of the operation: 
1. Plant statistics: Area (26 acres), soybean processing 
capacity (26 million bu/year), soy oil reﬁ ning capacity (657 
million lb/year, equivalent to the oil from about 57 million 
bushels of soybeans).
 2. Oil reﬁ  nery statistics: Oil storage (hydrogenated, 
liquid, total), oil loading, reﬁ nery, hydrogenation plant, 
deodorizer capacities.
 3. Bean processing plant statistics: Bean storage 
(exceeds 3 million bushels), rail unloading, soybean truck 
loading, bean drying and cleaning, meal loading, meal 
storage, bean processing, edible products plant (edible soy 
ﬂ akes and Honeysoy soy ﬂ our), hydrogen and nitrogen 
generators, boiler plant, meal sack warehouse (1,000 tons of 
sacked meal can be stored).
520. Bramblett, James. 1978. Co-op elevator provides on-
farm convenience: These farmers grabbed a few more cents 
per bushel by buying an elevator and forming a small local 
co-op. Soybean Digest. Jan. p. 12.
• Summary: There is an alternative to on-farm storage of 
soybeans. 23 farmers from Crittenden County, Arkansas, 
each bought 5,000 shares at $1 each to purchase an elevator 
with 500,000 bushels storage capacity and form the Critco 
Grain Coop. It would have cost 5-6 times as much if they 

=== PAGE 168 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   168
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
had built it themselves. “The group hired a non-stockholder, 
John Eisler, to manager the operation.” Eisler, who had 
previous elevator experience, hedges everything as soon as 
its brought in. Eisler says it costs them 7½ cents a bushel on 
average to unload soybeans, 4½ cents to load them out again, 
and 2 cents a month storage costs. The alternative is for local 
farmers to drive their soybeans to Memphis, Tennessee, and 
wait for up to 7 hours to unload. The members agree that 
“the greatest asset is having practically unlimited on-farm 
storage for only $5,000.”
 About 58% of the storage business has come from 
stockholders; the other 42% has come from area farmers. 
Both are treated alike, except that at year’s end, the 
stockholders divide any proﬁ ts they’ve earned. During the 
ﬁ rst 3 years, the owners have earned an average of 3 cents 
per bushel on every bushel handled and stored at the facility. 
A photo shows the elevator.
521. Herron, Steve. 1978. Local elevator sells soybeans 
direct: Farmers get more for their beans at this Iowa co-op. 
Soybean Digest. Jan. p. 13.
• Summary: Last year Farmers Co-operative Elevator at 
Albert City, Iowa, sold 695,000 bushels direct to a Japanese 
grain buying ﬁ rm. Not many regional co-ops export grain for 
dollars. “By making direct sales, the elevator saves brokers 
commissions.” That means about 10 cents more per bushel 
for the farmer. Of all the grain handled by co-ops in Iowa, 
only 7% is exported. About 80% of the soybeans grown in 
the Albert City area have white hilums, making them good 
for human consumption. Manager Bruce Anderson hopes to 
contract a year in advance for a certain quantity and quality 
of soybeans. The Japanese are interested in large quantities 
of good quality edible, white hilum soybeans.
 About 2½ years ago Anderson ﬁ  rst made contact with 
a Japanese trading ﬁ rm. He visits their New York ofﬁ ce 
regularly. They come to Albert City once in the summer and 
once at harvest time to see how the soybeans are handled, 
stored, and separated. The process builds conﬁ dence. “The 
Japanese like to know who they’re dealing with. They like to 
do business with people they feel they can trust.”
522. Food Processing (Chicago). 1978. Ground broken for 
isolate facility. Feb. p. 16.
• Summary: Dawson Mills (Dawson, Minnesota) has broken 
ground for a $10 million soy protein isolate facility, with 
completion scheduled for Nov. 1978. The 100,000 square 
foot building will be situated on a 220 acre site just east 
of Dawson. The new plant will have an annual production 
capacity of 9 million lbs of isolates, spun ﬁ ber, and frozen 
ﬂ avored meat analogs.
 Note: The groundbreaking took place on 23 Sept. 1977.
523. Food Engineering. 1978. The great ingredient search. 
50(5):112-13. May.
• Summary: Here are some of the ingredients and additives 
that will be exhibited at the upcoming IFT show in Dallas, 
Texas: (1) Textured soy proteins are available in regular 
and in quick-rehydration form from Far-Mar-Co. All of the 
products are approved from the type A school lunch program. 
(2) Soy protein isolate: Minimum dusting, maximum protein-
to-protein binding and fat retention, excellent gel forming 
(thermal-stable) and high water absorption (binding) are 
features of Pro-Fam S-972 soy protein isolate which will be 
exhibited at the Grain Processing Corp. booth.
524. Thurston, Stanley K. 1978. Improving cooperative 
marketing of Mississippi Delta soybeans. USDA Economics, 
Statistics, and Cooperatives Service, Service Report No. 157. 
63 p. May. [10+ ref]
• Summary: Contents: Highlights. Background and 
problems. Soybean production: Production in the study 
area, projected 1985 production. Grain elevators and 
soybean processors: Number and capacity of elevators, 
river elevators, number and capacity of processors, export 
ﬁ rms and port elevators. Cooperative elevator facilities. 
Cooperatives’ grain movements. Transportation aspects: 
Rates, transportation costs relationships, prospect for railroad 
improvements, waterway users tax. Pricing and price 
relationships. Projected 1985 cooperative volume. Evaluation 
of market outlets: Domestic processors, export outlets, 
export demand, government export programs. Alternatives 
for a improved system.
 “Highlights: 1. Soybean production for the 43-county 
study area for the 1976 crop was 91 million bushels–7% of 
the U.S. total. Mississippi accounted for 48% of study area 
soybean production; Louisiana, 42%; and Arkansas 10%. 
Projected 1985 soybean production for the study area is 
105.5 million bushels, an increase of 16% over 1976.”
 “4. There are ﬁ ve major soybean plants that process 
soybeans from the study area. They have the ability to crush 
about 4,650 tons of soybeans daily.” Address: U.S. Dep. 
of Agriculture, Economics, Statistics, and Cooperatives 
Service, Washington, DC.
525. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1978. Yugoslavs 
to visit Honeymead, study soybean oil. June 22. Business 
section.
• Summary: A team of six Yugoslavian oil processing 
technicians will visit Mankato Friday and Saturday. They 
will tour the Honeymead plant Friday morning and visit 
several area farms on Saturday as part of a 15-day tour of 
the USA sponsored by the Minnesota Soybean Growers 
Association and the American Soybean Association.
526. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1978. Yugoslavs 
impressed by Honeymead plant. June 24. Business section.
• Summary: Previously Yugoslav companies have imported 
crude soybean oil. They would like to be able to import 

=== PAGE 169 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   169
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
soybeans and crush them in Yugoslavia to make soybean oil 
and meal. In Yugoslavia farmers treated almost as second-
class citizens. But the six team members said that in the 
USA the farmers talked like professors. One processor was 
impressed with the cleanliness of the Honeymead plant.
527. Far-Mar-Co, Inc 1978. Ultra-Soy: Still your choicest 
choice (Ad). Processed Prepared Foods. June. p. 68.
• Summary: In bold letters across the top of the ad: “You’d 
think with all the textured vegetable protein products 
introduced since Ultra Soy, the choice would be harder. It 
isn’t though.
 Below the title: For the qualities you demand in textured 
vegetable protein–extreme blandness, thorough ﬂ avor 
absorption, and palatable texture–Ultra Soy is as superior 
today as it was in 1968 when we ﬁ rst introduced it.
 “In addition, it is now available in quick rehydration 
form when you require a ﬂ aked textured vegetable protein 
with low process time.
 “Ultra Soy has stood the test of time. Just as the 
company that developed it. Write for your free copy of the 
comprehensive Ultra Soy Information Report.”
 At the lower right is the “far-mar-co” logo. A photo in 
the middle of the title shows several chunks of Ultra Soy. 
Address: 960 North Halstead, Hutchinson, Kansas 67501.
528. Food Processing (Chicago). 1978. Soy ﬂ akes, four & 
grits [Honeymead Products Co.]. June. p. 40.
• Summary: In Mankato, Minnesota, Honeymead Products 
Co. has ﬁ nished construction of a 15,500 square foot process 
area, bag warehouse and bulk storage facility. EMI Corp. did 
the process and structural design. Structural design also by 
Conkey & Associates. A color photo shows the buildings.
529. LeMaire, W.H. 1978. Bacon analogs... Exciting 
possibilities. Food Engineering 50(6):ef-14, 15. June.
• Summary: Breakfast mufﬁ ns, pancakes, and omelets 
represent three different–yet practical–applications for bacon 
analogs. Bacon replacers have an image problem–how to 
get food processors to think of them other than as a garnish 
for salads. Major suppliers, such as ADM, Far-Mar-Co, 
and Cargill either have or are close to introducing cheese, 
pepperoni, and ham as well as improved bacon analogs. It 
is known that Central Soya, since purchasing General Mills’ 
steam texturization process for texturizing soy, is considering 
the ﬂ avored, textured analog market. General Mills and 
McCormicks are busy developing the retail market with 
national brands. Durkee’s and other suppliers pursue regional 
markets with their brands. Most of these retail products are 
simply bought from the three major suppliers and re-packed. 
Altogether the market for bacon analogs is today a 10 million 
pound market, roughly divided between food service and 
retail at 4 million pounds each with over 1 million pounds in 
other processed foods. Address: Midwest editor.
530. Barr, G.W.; Martin, S.R.; Kakade, M.L.; Ryan, R.J.; 
Crane, F.M. 1978. Inﬂ uence of modiﬁ ed protein in milk 
replacers on calf performance and health (Abstract). J. of 
Dairy Science 61:169. (Abst. #854). July.
• Summary: No signiﬁ cant differences in daily weight gain, 
milk replacer consumption, or inverse feed conversion were 
observed when modiﬁ ed soy protein was substituted for milk 
protein in seven 4-week trials of calf milk replacer. Address: 
Land O’Lakes, Inc., Minneapolis, Minnesota.
531. Mittleider, John F.; Anderson, D.E.; McDonald, C.E.; 
Fisher, N. 1978. An analysis of the economic feasibility of 
establishing wheat gluten processing plants in North Dakota. 
North Dakota Agricultural Experiment Station, Bulletin No. 
508. iv + 58 p. Aug. Illust. No index. 28 cm. [18 ref]
• Summary: Contents: Summary and conclusions. 
Introduction: Justiﬁ cation, study objectives, scope of study. 
Description and function of vital wheat gluten in the food 
industry: Uses of starch and by-products. Gluten production 
and uses in the United States: Gluten processing in the 
United States, foreign competition, gluten consumption in 
the United States. Description of present and anticipated 
wheat gluten processes in the United States: Alfa-Laval/
Raisio process, Far-Mar-Co, Inc., process. Model wheat 
gluten processing plants: Description of model gluten 
processing facilities, gluten plant building requirements. 
Resource requirements of the model wheat gluten 
processing plants and their availability in North Dakota: 
Production and utilization of hard red spring wheat, water 
and sewage requirements, power and fuel requirements, 
labor requirements of the model gluten processing plants, 
transportation considerations, capital requirements of the 
gluten processing facilities. Transportation analysis of the 
gluten industry including the hypothetical North Dakota 
gluten plant: Objectives of the transportation analysis, the 
mathematical model, gluten production, transportation 
structure of the gluten industry, short-run analysis of 
marketing patterns, long-run analysis of marketing 
patterns, summary. Estimated costs and returns from the 
hypothetical gluten processing plants: Operating costs, ﬁ xed 
costs, revenue estimates, estimated return on investment. 
Economic impact of wheat gluten processing plants in 
North Dakota: Assumptions and results. Environmental 
impact: Water pollution, air pollution, solid waste, summary 
of environmental considerations. Appendix: Selected 
references. List of tables. List of appendix tables. List of 
ﬁ gures.
 This bulletin was published by North Dakota 
Agricultural Experiment Station, and North Dakota State 
University, under a grant from the U.S. Department of 
Commerce Economic Development Administration (Project 
No. 05-06-1694). Address: Fargo, North Dakota.

=== PAGE 170 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   170
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
532. National Soybean Processors Association. 1978. Year 
book and trading rules 1978-1979. Washington, DC. ii + 106 
p.
• Summary: On the cover (but not the title page) is written: 
Effective October 1, 1978. This is the 50th anniversary issue. 
Contents: The National Soybean Processors Association 
[Introduction and overview]. Constitution and by-laws. 
Ofﬁ cers and directors. Executive ofﬁ ce. Members. Standing 
committees. Food Protein Council. Trading rules on soybean 
meal. Sales contract. Appendix to trading rules on soybean 
meal: Ofﬁ cial methods of analysis (moisture, protein, 
crude ﬁ ber, oil {only method numbers listed}), sampling of 
soybean meal (automatic sampler, probe sampler), ofﬁ cial 
weighmaster application, semi-annual scale report, ofﬁ cial 
referee chemists (meal). Trading rules on soybean oil. 
Sales contract. Deﬁ nitions of grade and quality of export 
oils. Soybean lecithin speciﬁ cations. Appendix to trading 
rules on soybean oil: Inspection, grading soybean oil for 
color (N.S.P.A. tentative method), methods of analysis 
(A.O.C.S. ofﬁ cial methods): Soybean oil, crude; soybean oil, 
reﬁ ned; soybean oil, reﬁ ned and bleached; soybean oil for 
technical uses; soap stock, acidulated soap stock and tank 
bottoms (only method numbers listed), ofﬁ cial weighmaster 
application, semi-annual scale report, ofﬁ cial referee 
chemists (oil). Soybean oil export trading rules. Foreign 
trade deﬁ nitions (for information purposes only).
 The page titled National Soybean Processors Association 
(p. ii) states: “During the past crop year about 900,000,000 
bushels of soybeans moved through processing plants of 
NSPA’s 29 member ﬁ rms. Approximately 55 percent of 
America’s 1.7 billion-bushel soybean crop is bought and 
processed by NSPA members. Exporters account for another 
41 percent of the crop, and the remainder [4%] is returned to 
farms for seed, feed, and residuals.” Also discusses industry 
programs, soybean research, and international market 
development.”
 The section on of ﬁ cers, executive committee, and board 
of directors (p. 7-8) gives the name, company afﬁ liation, 
and phone number of each person. Ofﬁ cers–Chairman: 
John G. Reed, Jr., Continental Grain Co. Vice Chairman: 
C. Lockwood Marine, Central Soya Co., Inc. President: 
Sheldon J. Hauck. Secretary: A.E. Idleman, A.E. Staley 
Manufacturing Co., Inc. Treasurer: Edward J. Cordes, 
Ralston Purina Co. Immediate past chairman: Lowell K. 
Rasmussen, Honeymead Products Co.
 Executive Committee: Gorge A. Heinz (‘79), Buckeye 
Cellulose Corp. Donald H. Leavenworth (‘79), Spicola, 
Cargill, Inc. C. Lockwood Marine, Central Soya Co. Inc. 
John G. Reed, Jr., Continental Grain Co. Gaylord O. Coan 
(‘80), Gold Kist, Inc. Lowell K. Rasmussen, Honeymead 
Products Co. William T. Melvin (‘80). Planters Oil Mill, Inc. 
Theodore W. Bean (‘79), Quincy Soybean Co. Edward J. 
Cordes, Ralston Purina Co. Richard E. Bell (‘80), Riceland 
Foods, Inc. Austin E. Idleman, A.E. Staley Mfg. Co.
 Board of Directors (alphabetically by company; each 
member company has one representative on the board): 
Thomas H. Wolfe, Anderson, Clayton & Co. Charles 
Bayless, Archer Daniels Midland Co. Keith V oight, Boone 
Valley Coop. Processing Assn. George H. Heinz, Buckeye 
Cellulose Corp. David C. Thompson, Bunge Corporation. 
Donald H. Leavenworth, Cargill, Inc. C. Lockwood Marine, 
Central Soya Co., Inc. John G. Reed, Jr., Continental Grain 
Co. Joe C. Givens, Dawson Mills. Alfred Jenkins, Delta 
Cotton Oil & Fertilizer Co. Kenneth E. Sullivan, Farmers 
Grain Dealers Assn. of Iowa. Donald M. Chartier, Farmland 
Industries, Inc. Gaylord O. Coan, Gold Kist Inc. Lowell K. 
Rasmussen, Honeymead Products Co. Kenneth J. McQueen, 
Land O’Lakes, Inc. Floyd W. Brown, Lauhoff Grain Co. 
Kermit F. Head, Missouri Farmers Assn.–Grain Div. Robert 
E. Hicks, Owensboro Grain Co., Inc. Sewell L. Spedden, 
Perdue Incorporated. John H. Payne, Planters Manufacturing 
Co. William T. Melvin, Planters Oil Mill, Inc. Theodore 
W. Bean, Quincy Soybean Co. Edward J. Cordes, Ralston 
Purina Co. Richard E. Bell, Riceland Foods, Inc. J.D. 
Morton, Sherman Oil Mill. Stiles M. Harper, Southern Soya 
Corp. Austin E. Idleman, A.E. Staley Mfg. Co. Preston C. 
Townsend, Townsend’s Inc. Tyler Terrett, West Tennessee 
Soya Mill, Inc.
 Executive of ﬁ ce, Washington, DC: Executive 
Director, Sheldon J. Hauck. Director, Public Affairs: Jack 
DuVall. Director, Regulatory Affairs: William F. Sullivan. 
Administrative Asst.: Helen Miller. National Soybean Crop 
Improvement Council: Robert W. Judd, Managing Director.
 Members (listed alphabetically by company; within 
each company, ﬁ rst the name of the ofﬁ cial Association 
representative {who is on the Board}, followed by the 
other personal members listed alphabetically by surname. 
For example, Archer Daniels Midland Co., the company 
with the most personal members, has 26. After the name 
of each personal member is given with his address and 
phone number. In the listing below, the number of personal 
members is shown in parentheses after the name of each 
company, followed by city and state of the various locations): 
Anderson, Clayton & Co. (6); Phoenix, Arizona; Jackson, 
Mississippi; Houston, Texas. Archer Daniels Midland Co. 
(26); Decatur, Illinois; Galesburg, Illinois; Granite City, 
Illinois; Fredonia, Kansas; Mankato, Minnesota; Red Wing, 
Minnesota; Fremont, Nebraska; Lincoln, Nebraska; Kershaw, 
South Carolina. Boone Valley Coop. Processing Assn., 
Eagle Grove, Iowa. Buckeye Cellulose Corp. (8); North 
Little Rock, Arkansas; Augusta, Georgia; Cincinnati, Ohio; 
Memphis, Tennessee. Bunge Corporation (6); Cairo, Illinois; 
Logansport, Indiana; Emporia, Kansas; New York City, New 
York; Cargill, Inc. (18); Osceola, Arkansas; Gainesville, 
Georgia; Cedar Rapids, Iowa; Des Moines, Iowa; Sioux 
City, Iowa; Washington, Iowa; Chicago, Illinois; Wichita, 
Kansas; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Fayetteville, North 
Carolina; Sidney, Ohio; Memphis, Tennessee; Chesapeake, 

=== PAGE 171 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   171
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Virginia. Central Soya Co., Inc. (11); Gibson City, Illinois; 
Decatur, Indiana; Fort Wayne, Indiana; Indianapolis, 
Indiana; Belmond, Iowa; Marion, Ohio; Bellevue, Ohio; 
Delphos, Ohio; Chattanooga, Tennessee. Continental 
Grain Co. (6); Guntersville, Alabama; Chicago, Illinois; 
Taylorville, Illinois; New York City, New York; Cameron, 
South Carolina. Dawson Mills (3); Dawson, Minnesota. 
Delta Cotton Oil & Fertilizer Co. (1); Jackson, Mississippi. 
Farmers Grain Dealers Assn. of Iowa (Cooperative), 
Soybean Processing Div. (1); Mason City, Iowa. Farmland 
Industries, Inc. (5); Van Buren, Arkansas; Sergeant Bluff, 
Iowa; Hutchinson, Kansas; St. Joseph, Missouri. Gold Kist 
Inc. (3); Atlanta, Georgia. Honeymead Products Co. (3); 
Mankato, Minnesota. Land O’Lakes, Inc. (2); Fort Dodge, 
Iowa; Sheldon, Iowa. Lauhoff Grain Co. (1); Danville, 
Illinois. Missouri Farmers Assn.–Grain Div. (5); Mexico, 
Missouri. Owensboro Grain Co., Inc. (2); Owensboro, 
Kentucky. Perdue Incorporated (2); Salisbury, Maryland. 
Planters Manufacturing Co. (2); Clarksdale, Mississippi. 
Planters Oil Mill, Inc. (2); Rocky Mount, North Carolina. 
Quincy Soybean Co. (4); Quincy, Illinois. Ralston Purina 
Co. (8); Bloomington, Illinois; Lafayette, Indiana; Iowa 
Falls, Iowa; Louisville, Kentucky; Kansas City, Missouri; 
St. Louis, Missouri; Raleigh, North Carolina; Memphis, 
Tennessee. Riceland Foods, Inc. (8); Helena, Arkansas; 
Stuttgart, Arkansas. Sherman Oil Mill (1); Fort Worth, Texas. 
Southern Soya Corp. (1); Estill, South Carolina. A.E. Staley 
Manufacturing Co. (7); Decatur, Illinois. Townsend’s Inc. 
(2); Millsboro, Delaware. West Tennessee Soya Mill, Inc. 
(1); Tiptonville, Tennessee.
 Associate Members: ACLI Soya Co, White Plains, 
New York. Anderson Clayton Foods, Dallas, Texas. Balfour 
MacClaine International, Ltd., New York City, New York. 
Best Foods, a Unit of CPC International Inc., Englewood 
Cliffs, New Jersey. California Vegetable Oils, Inc., San 
Francisco. Canadian Vegetable Oil Processing Co., Hamilton, 
Ontario, Canada. Cobec Brazilian Trading and Warehousing 
Corp. of the U.S., New York City. Louis Dreyfus, Stamford, 
Connecticut. Durkee Foods, Div. of SCM Corporation, 
Chicago, Illinois (Gerald J. Daleiden). Gordon-Kutner Co., 
Dallas, Texas. Grain Processing Corp., Muscatine, Iowa 
(H.P. Woodstra). Hartsville Oil Mill, Hartsville, South 
Carolina (Richard A. Koppein). Humko Products, Memphis, 
Tennessee. Hunt-Wesson Foods, Inc., Fullerton, California. 
Lever Bros Co., New York City, New York. Maple Leaf Mills 
Ltd., Toronto, Ontario, Canada (W.G. Milliken). Marwood 
Company, San Francisco, California. Overseas Commodities 
Corp., Minneapolis, Minnesota. Pillsbury Co., Bloomington, 
Minnesota. Procter & Gamble Co., Cincinnati, Ohio. PVO 
International Inc., San Francisco, California. Quaker Oats 
Co. (The), Chicago, Illinois. Schouten International, Inc., 
Minneapolis, Minnesota. Soﬁ co, Memphis, Tennessee. 
Spencer Kellogg, Div. of Textron, Inc., Buffalo, New York. 
Alfred C. Toepfer, Inc., New York City, New York (Dieter 
Rahlmann).
 Standing committees: For each committee, the function 
of the committee, the names of all members (with the 
chairman designated), with the company and company 
address of each are given–Crop Improvement Council. 
Meal trading rules. Oil trading rules. Safety and insurance. 
Soybean Research Council. Technical. Address: 1800 M St., 
N.W., Washington, DC 20036. Phone: (202) 452-8040. Telex 
89-7452.
533. Dawson Mills. 1978. Annual report. Dawson, 
Minnesota. 16 p. 22 x 28 cm.
• Summary: In “Report to the members” (p. 1-2), E.S. 
Boraas (chairman of the board of directors) and Joe Givens 
(president and general manager), start on an ominous note: 
“Fiscal 1978 [ending Aug. 31] was a year of building for 
a better future for Dawson Mills. Steps taken this past 
year, when completed, will develop your cooperative into 
a broadly based soy food processor.” Address: Dawson, 
Minnesota 56232. Phone: 612/769-4386.
534. Fite, Gilbert Courtland. 1978. Beyond the fence rows: A 
history of Farmland Industries, Inc., 1929-1978. Columbia, 
Missouri and London, England: University of Missouri 
Press. xxii + 404 p. Illust. Index. 24 cm. [18 ref]
• Summary: This is a revised and updated edition of the 
author’s book Farm to Factory: A History of the Consumers 
Cooperative Association, published in 1965. It is also the 
best early history of Farmland. In 1929 Howard A. Cowden 
founded the Union Oil Company (Cooperative). On 31 Jan. 
1931 the Board voted to dissolve the Missouri corporation 
and incorporate under the Kansas law on cooperatives 
(p. 64). On 4 Feb. 1935 the company was renamed the 
Consumers Cooperative Association (CCA) (p. 111). On 1 
Sept. 1966 CCCA was renamed Farmland Industries, Inc. (p. 
275-76).
 The original company was designed to help farmers 
save money on petroleum and gasoline and related products. 
Cowden, a visionary and excellent manager, was the 
president from 1929 to 1961.
 During the 1940s, CCA got into the increasingly popular 
business of mixed feeds. It developed a “six-point feed 
program and began acquiring facilities–starting in Nov. 
1943 with the purchase of a feed mill at Enid, Oklahoma. 
In 1944, it built an alfalfa dehydration plant at Pond Creek, 
Oklahoma–not far from Enid. “At about the same time it 
began construction of a soybean mill near the reﬁ nery at 
Coffeyville.” This mill began operation on 3 July 1945 
(p. 189). By 1949 the Coffeyville mill was making large 
amounts of soybean meal for CCA’s feed plants (p. 219). In 
1953, when CCA needed to borrow money from the Wichita 
Bank for Cooperatives [Kansas], they were required to 
close the Coffeyville soybean plant temporarily–apparently 
because it was not proﬁ table (p. 241).

=== PAGE 172 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   172
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 For “A brief history of Far-Mar-Co,” see a separate 
1978 record. In the summer of 1971, three local associations 
urged Farmland’s management to consider a merger with 
Far-Mar-Co. Some consideration of this merger continued 
from 1972 to 1974, but in 1974 the growing size and 
power of farm cooperatives came under increasing attack, 
distracting attention from the merger. The criticisms focused 
on three main issues: (1) They were given special tax breaks 
unavailable to their competitors–private companies; (2) 
They were becoming so big that the farmer members had 
lost control; they were run by managers who were no longer 
farmers and lacked responsiveness to the needs of their 
members. In this sense the were becoming no different from 
huge private agribusiness. (3) They were exempt from most 
antitrust laws. Important publications on this theme: 1974 
April–”Who’s Minding the Co-op? A Report on Farmer 
Control of Farmer Cooperatives,” by Linda Kravitz, of the 
Agribusiness Accountability Project (Washington, DC). New 
York Times, April 8, p. 31. Newsweek, April 27. Business 
Week, June 8. Farm Journal, Oct. and Nov. 1974. Forbes, 
Oct. 15 (p. 57) titled “Speaking of Bigness: What kind of 
business is exempt from income tax and most antitrust laws 
and grossed $44 billion last year? Read on.”
 On 29 Nov. 1976 the two board of directors approved 
the “plan and agreement of merger.” The merger of the two 
largest cooperatives became legally effective on 2 May 1977.
 Appendix II (p. 392-93) lists members of the “Farmland 
Industries, Inc. corporate family.” (1) Consolidated 
subsidiaries (those whose business record is included in 
Farmland’s annual report) include: Farmland Soy Processing, 
Inc. (Soybean processing). Far-Mar-Co, Inc. (Hutchinson, 
Kansas. Grain marketing). Farmland Foods, Inc. (Kansas 
City, Missouri. Beef and pork processing, food marketing). 
Farmland Insurance Agency (Kansas City, Missouri). 
Farmland Securities Company (Kansas City, Missouri. 
Broker-dealer). (2) Other Farmland afﬁ liations include: 
Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association (Eagle 
Grove, Iowa. Soybean, feed processing). Farmland Life 
Insurance Co.
 Appendix III (p. 393-94) shows Farmland Industries 
Inc., and consolidated subsidiaries consolidated sales and 
savings (1929-1977). The three categories of sales are farm 
supplies (starting 1929), grain marketing (starting 1977), and 
food marketing (starting 1964). Total sales increased from 
$310,000 in 1929, to $6,211,000 in 1940, to $62,428,000 in 
1950, to $168,000,000 in 1960, to $629,803,000 in 1970, to 
$3,039,611,000 [$3.03 billion] in 1977. Appendix IV (p. 395-
96) shows “patronage refunds” paid in cash each year from 
1929 to 1977. The peak year was 1975 when $90,482,000 in 
cash refunds were paid.
 Among the 19 photos on unnumbered pages at the front 
of the book are: (1) Original headquarters in North Kansas 
City, Missouri, in 1929. Also expanded headquarters in 1933, 
1935, 1944. (7) Farmland Industries’ petroleum reﬁ nery 
at Coffeyville, Kansas. (12) Far-Mar-Co’s grain terminal 
at Hutchinson, Kansas. (15) Howard A. Cowden, founder 
and president of Farmland Industries, Inc. 1929-1961. (16) 
Homer Young, Farmland’s president 1961-1967. (17) Ernest 
T. Lindsey, Farmland’s president 1967-. (18) D.E. Ewing, 
ﬁ nancial vice-president and treasurer, 1933-. (19) W. Gordon 
Leith, corporate vice-president and secretary, 1949-. Address: 
Athens, Georgia.
535. Fite, Gilbert C. 1978. A brief history of Far-Mar-Co 
(Document part). In: Fite, Gilbert C. 1978. Beyond the Fence 
Rows: A History of Farmland Industries, Inc., 1929-78. 
Columbia, Missouri and London, England: University of 
Missouri Press. xxviii + 404 p. See p. 362-64, 367-74. [18 
ref]
• Summary: In the spring of 1968, after considerable 
discussion, four regional grain cooperatives agreed 
to consolidate their business into a single association. 
Starting June 1, it will be known as Far-Mar-Co, Inc. “The 
associations that formed Far-Mar-Co were the Equity 
Union Grain Exchange of Lincoln, Nebraska; the Farmers 
Cooperative Commission Company of Hutchinson, 
Kansas; the Cooperative Marketing Association of Kansas 
City; and the Westcentral Cooperative Grain Company of 
Omaha. James H. (Jimmie) Dean who had been general 
manger of the Farmers Cooperative Commission Company 
became executive vice-president and general manager. The 
headquarters ofﬁ ce was located in Hutchinson.
 “During the next few years Far-Mar-Co added member 
associations to its organization, began to manufacture a 
number of grain-based food products, such as soy ﬂ our, and 
greatly expanded the amount of grain handled. In 1971, the 
company marketed 217.4 million bushels of grain, and by 
1974 the total volume had jumped to 335.6 million bushels. 
About 57 per cent of this was wheat. Far-Mar-Co was also 
a member of the Farmers Export Company [FEC] that 
had an export terminal at Ama, Louisiana. Farmers Export 
had been formed in January, 1967, by eight regional grain 
cooperatives, four of which later formed Far-Mar-Co. This 
represented an effort by grain-marketing cooperatives to 
engage directly in the export business so that farmers would 
not have to rely exclusively on Cargill, the Continental Grain 
Company, Cook Industries and other major exporters.
 “Farmland [Industries, Inc.] of ﬁ cials watched this 
development with interest. Here was an important marketing 
cooperative operating right in the heart of Farmland territory. 
The development of Far-Mar-Co was of even greater 
interest to some of Farmland’s member cooperatives who 
had dreamed of the day when Farmland would add grain 
marketing to its activities. In the summer of 1971, three local 
associations urged Farmland’s management to consider a 
merger with Far-Mar-Co” (p. 363).
 Some consideration of a merger with Far-Mar-Co 
continued from 1972 to 1974, but in 1974 the growing size 

=== PAGE 173 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   173
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
and power of farm cooperatives came under increasing 
attack, distracting attention from the merger. The criticisms 
focused on three main issues: Tax breaks, bigness, and 
exemption from most antitrust laws.
 But discussions regarding the merger continued. Finally, 
on 3 June 1976 the boards of directors of both organizations 
met at Hutchinson, Kansas, and adopted identical resolutions 
“authorizing study and consideration of possible merger or 
consolidation of the two organizations. “The main reason to 
merge the two large cooperatives was to give farmers some 
meaningful control over the export market.” At the time, an 
oligopoly of only ﬁ ve ﬁ rms exported most of the nation’s 
grain. Cooperatives were exporting only about 7% of the 
total (p. 367).
 “A condition that favored merger was the fact that about 
95% of Far-Mar-Co’s 604 members were also afﬁ liated 
with Farmland Industries, while 26% of Farmland member 
associations were members of Far-Mar-Co... A merger with 
Farmland would add ﬁ nancial strength to Far-Mar-Co’s grain 
marketing activities” (p. 367-68).
 On 29 Nov. 1976 the two board of directors approved 
the “plan and agreement of merger.” Walter W. Peterson, 
a Nebraska farmer who had been president of Far-Mar-Co 
since 1968, became chairman of the new Far-Mar-Co board 
of directors which consisted of 12 members of the old board 
and 13 persons from Farmland’s Board and management 
team. George V oth was named president of Farmland’s new 
subsidiary; he had served on Farmland’s Board of Directors 
from 1959 to 1968, and since 1972 had been executive vice-
president and general manager of Far-Mar-Co. “The merger 
brought together the largest farm supply cooperative and the 
biggest grain-marketing cooperative in the United States... 
Their combined sales volume in the ﬁ scal year ending 
August 31, 1977, amounted to $3,039 million dollars. This 
ﬁ gure... ranked 78 among Fortune’s largest 500 industrials, 
moving up from 123 in 1976 before the merger” (p. 369).
 “Far-Mar-Co handled about 350 million bushels of 
grain, owned sixteen terminal elevators, controlled a part 
of the Farmers Export Company and the export terminal at 
Ama, Louisiana, owned or leased about 1,000 jumbo hopper 
railroad cars for grain transport, and manufactured some 
food products. In 1975-1976, the company had inaugurated 
a grain program known as the Producers Marketing System, 
or Promark. This was a wheat-pooling plan... Farmland’s 
food-marketing subsidiary had sales of $436,911,000, giving 
a total marketing volume of $1,127,295,000. This was a little 
more than one-third of Farmland’s total business.”
 Important (and critical) articles on the merger were 
published in Business Week (1976 Nov. 22, 1977 Feb. 7) and 
Food Engineering (April 1977).
 The merger of the two largest cooperatives became 
legally effective on 2 May 1977. It “was hailed by 
cooperative enthusiasts as one of the most signiﬁ cant 
events in the history of farmer cooperatives. Farmers and 
ranchers ﬁ nally had ‘a fully integrated supply and marketing 
cooperative,’ [president Ernest T.] Lindsey wrote in the 
1977 Annual Report. Lindsey later said that in his ten years 
as president, nothing had caused as much excitement in the 
cooperative family as this merger.
 “To strengthen its export activities, Far-Mar-Co 
purchased a large elevator at Fort Worth, Texas in June, 
1977, and joined six other cooperatives and two interregional 
associations in the Farmers Export Company to purchase 
grain storage and shipping facilities in Galveston from Cook 
Industries, Inc.” (p. 373). Address: Athens, Georgia.
536. Shearson Hayden Stone Inc. 1978. Special survey: U.S. 
and Canadian soybean processing facilities. New York, NY . 
8 p. Nov.
• Summary: The USA has a total soybean crushing capacity 
of 1,226 million bushels/year based on 330 available days. A 
ranking of the capacity of major U.S. soybean crushers is as 
follows (as of 1 Nov. 1977):
 Cargill 224 million bushels/year. 18.3% of industry total.
 Archer Daniels Midland 178 million bushels/year. 
14.5% of industry total.
 Central Soya 94 million bushels/year. 7.7% of industry 
total.
 A.E. Staley 93 million bushels/year. 7.6% of industry 
total.
 Ralston Purina 92 million bushels/year. 7.5% of industry 
total.
 All Co-ops 232 million bushels/year. 19.0% of industry 
total.
 Other 312 million bushels/year. 25.4% of industry total.
 The leading soybean crushing states (in million bushels 
per year capacity) are: Illinois 258, Iowa 176, Minnesota 
83, Tennessee 73, Indiana 70, Arkansas 69, Missouri 68, 
Mississippi 59, Ohio 50.
 The individual soybean crushing plants with the largest 
capacity are (* = food grade plant): ADM* (Decatur, Illinois) 
150,000 bushels/day. Quincy Soya (Quincy, Illinois) 120,000 
bushels/day. Cargill, Inc. (Memphis, Tennessee) 100,000 
bushels/day. A.E. Staley (Des Moines, Iowa) 100,000 
bushels/day.
 Canadian soybean crushers capacity (total 148,000 
bushels/day) are: Maple Leaf Mills (Windsor, Ontario) 
60,000 bushels/day. Victory Mills (Toronto, Ontario) 42,000 
bushels/day. Canadian Vegetable Oil Processing (CVOP, 
Hamilton, Ontario) 33,000 bushels/day. Maple Leaf Mills 
(Toronto, Ontario) 13,000 bushels/day. Total: 148,000 
bushels/day. Note: Maple Leaf Mills is the largest Canadian 
soybean crusher, with a total capacity of 73,000 bu/day.
537. Koebernick, Barb. 1979. At Dawson Mills, soybeans are 
king: Farm focus. Independent (Marshall, Minnesota). Jan. 
24. p. 1B.
• Summary: Discusses diversiﬁ cation at Dawson Mills, 

=== PAGE 174 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   174
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
based on the company’s recent annual report and an 
interview with Joe Givens. The new soy isolate plant under 
construction represents a $17 million investment. The 
isolated soy protein will be marketed in two forms: as spray-
dried powder, and as “hair-like ﬁ bers called ﬁ brils,” which 
will be produced by a special patented spinning process 
(similar to spinning rayon thread), and will be used as an 
ingredient by food manufacturers. The isolate plant will have 
a 40-acre lagoon and a waste treatment plant large enough 
for a city of 150,000 people. There are only 4 other U.S. 
companies that start with soybeans and end up with isolate.
 The market for edible soy products is expanding. Givens 
believes the outlook for Dawson Mills is very bright, because 
the company is in a growing business–the protein business.
 In 1952 the cooperative came “dangerously close to 
failure, and the St. Paul Bank for Cooperatives was reluctant 
to loan more operating capital without additional local 
money.”
 There are 3 other soybean processing plants in 
Minnesota and one in Sioux City, Iowa. But about 
25% of the processed soybeans grown in Minnesota go 
through Dawson Mills. The resulting soy products are 
sold worldwide. Dawson Mills buys all its soybeans from 
cooperative elevators. The plant’s current storage capacity 
is 3 million bushels. Dawson ships about 250 tons of “soy 
oil” per day, or over six rail tank cars full, most destined for 
the West Coast. After the oil has been extracted, the ﬂ akes 
are toasted to destroy the anti-digestive enzyme called “anti-
trypsin” [trypsin inhibitor]. Most of the soybean meal is 
shipped in bulk by truck, but some is bagged.
 Photos show: (1) Tri-County Co-op soybean plant and 
ofﬁ ce in 1951. (2) Aerial view of the plant in 1961. (3) 
Forming the foundations of 10 slip-form concrete storage 
tanks in 1971. (4) The completed tanks located near the 
Dawson Mills water tower. (5) New ofﬁ ces built in 1962. 
(6) The concrete storage tanks at the half way completed 
position.
538. Piller, Dan. 1979. ‘Betcha my line’s slower. Des Moines 
Register (Des Moines, Iowa). March 4. p. 55.
• Summary: “Norman Still of Agri-Industries (formerly 
Farmers Grain Dealers Association of Iowa) is trying to set 
up a meeting in Washington, D.C. with Iowa’s congressional 
delegation ofﬁ cials of the federal transportation department 
and the Interstate Commerce Commission.
 “’Something simply has to be done,’ Still said. ‘We can’t 
go on forever with the situation like this.’
 “When they get to the nation’s capital, Still and the 
elevator managers probably will be told that the federal 
government this year is beginning to put out money for 
branch-line repair.”
 This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) that 
mentions “Agri-Industries” (regardless of capitalization or 
hyphenation). Address: Register Business Writer.
539. Burke, Mary. 1979. Barge proposal poses problems: 
shippers’ needs vs. environment. Gazette (The) (Cedar 
Rapids, Iowa). March 11. p. 27.
• Summary: “It Would Help Elevator: Having a ﬂ eeting site 
nearby... assures the elevator operators that ‘when the trucks 
are rolling they have barges available to get the grain out.’
 “Max Abildtrup, manager of Agri Industries grain 
terminal at McGregor [Clayton County, Iowa; it faces the 
Mississippi River], agreed the ﬂ eeting site would help his 
operation.
 “’They have nothing to do with us at all, but it would 
help us a lot. It would eliminate a lot of switching we have to 
do ourselves.’
 “Abildtrup explained the elevator keeps about 12 barges 
of its own near the elevator, using a pontoon with a 70-hp 
engine to maneuver them into towing position for the line 
boats that carry them down-river. ‘If we had to make our 
own tow, we’re talking eight to 12 hours make-up time. And 
when a line boat stops four to ﬁ ve hours to make tow, we’re 
losing money.’
 “The elevator has another reason for being pleased with 
the ﬂ eeting area. A 700,000-bushel annex with another truck 
dump was just completed last fall.
 “’It’s not impossible for us to handle 300,000 bushels a 
day,’ Abildtrup said. At 50,000 bushels per barge, it would 
take us 30 (barges) a week just to stay ahead.’” Address: 
Gazette Eastern Iowa reporter.
540. Des Moines Register (Des Moines, Iowa). 1979. Grist 
mill: people. March 18. p. 50.
• Summary: “Ann Adair, Nancy Daniels and Rita Reed 
joined the grain merchandising department of AGRI 
Industries, Des Moines.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) that 
spells “AGRI Industries” exactly like this.
541. Ryder, J.T. 1979. Planned barge moorings rapped as 
ugly polluters. Des Moines Register (Des Moines, Iowa). 
March 18. p. 15.
• Summary: McGregor, Iowa–Opposition is mounting here 
to a plan to build a 6,000-foot-long barge switching strip on 
the Mississippi River south of scenic McGregor, a town of 
1,000 persons in northeast Iowa.
 “The strip, also called a ﬂ eeting area, has been likened 
to a railway switching yard.
 “Plans call for 15 concrete pegs, about four feet across, 
to be sunk in the water at 400-foot intervals. Chains and 
buoys would be attached to the pegs so as many as 90 barges 
could be moored in the river.
 “Opponents of the project contend the staging area 
would be ugly and would mar scenic vistas, that the 
shoreline would be lost for public use, and that congestion 
and pollution would be increased.”

=== PAGE 175 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   175
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “The ﬁ rm seeking the lease to build the strip is Iowa 
Fleeting Service Inc., operated by Ray Eckstein of Cassville, 
Wisconsin. The strip would serve Agri-Industries, which has 
a grain elevator in McGregor. Agri-Industries is the former 
Farmers Grain Dealers Association, the largest farmer-owned 
cooperative in Iowa.”
 A small map shows the location of McGregor in Iowa. 
Address: Register Staff Writer.
542. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1979. Ofﬁ cial ribbon 
cutting and opening of new isolate plant set for Sunday [sic, 
Saturday], March 31st. 94(33):1, 11. March 22.
• Summary: “Ribbon cutting and plaque unveiling 
ceremonies will be held on Saturday morning, Saturday, 
March 31, at the new processing plant complex site of 
Dawson Mills.” Mrs. Al Quie, wife of Minnesota’s governor, 
will be the guest of honor to participate in the ceremony.
 “The new processing plant complex is situated 1½ 
miles east of Dawson and is located on 120 acres of virgin 
farm land.” The total cost of the plant has been about $18 
million–a major investment by any standards. “Housed in 
a building of 100,000 square feet, the new processing plant 
will be capable of producing high purity protein products 
known as soy isolates. These will be placed on both national 
and world markets” in such products as baby foods, protein 
diets, and meat products.
 “The Plant will also produce these proteins in various 
meat and ﬁ sh textured forms–the latter products known as 
frozen spun analogues in allusion to the spinning process 
used in their manufacture.
 “The new process building has been constructed to 
allow for considerable further expansion and diversiﬁ cation. 
Dawson Mills has its own airstrip running adjacent to the 
new plant site so as to allow fast access for both customers 
and personnel concerned with the operation of the Mills’ 
enterprises.”
 The ﬁ rst commercial quantities of materials are expected 
to be available in May 1979. The addition of these facilities 
constitutes a signiﬁ cant increase in the amount of vertical 
integration achieved at Dawson Mills–from soybeans to 
unreﬁ ned oil, meal for feed, ﬂ our, ﬂ akes, grits, textured soy 
ﬂ our, isolates, spun ﬁ brils and frozen meat analogues.
 “Capsule history: Dawson Mills is a cooperative 
soybean processing company established 27 years ago. 
At the instigation of local farmers and businessmen, who 
sought better returns on soybeans grown in the area, Dawson 
Mills was formed to process the soybeans into unreﬁ ned 
soybean oil and feed meal. The original plant had a capacity 
of processing 25 tons of soybeans per day. From these 
small beginnings, Dawson Mills has grown into the largest 
industrial operation in the Dawson area and currently has 
the capability of processing 1,300 tons of soybeans per day 
on the modern extraction plant. Much of the meal is sold in 
the state of Minnesota, directly of indirectly, to farmers. The 
company operates its own transport ﬂ eet of 40 trucks and rail 
cars.
 “Dawson Mills turnover is about $100 million per 
annum. Over $28 million is invested in its facilities. The 
entire operation is highly automated and uses the services of 
about 260 employees.”
 About 4 years ago Dawson Mills became a supplier of 
ingredients to food processors; it also supplies ingredients to 
government aid programs to emerging Third World countries. 
This added facility, which has been in operation for 3 years, 
enables “Dawson Mills to produce soy ﬂ our, ﬂ akes, grits, 
and texturized soy ﬂ our to high quality standards and in large 
volumes.
 “This facility is located on the original (city) site of 
Dawson Mills and is probably one of the most modern of its 
kind in the world.”
 Two large aerial photos (one close up) show “The new 
processing plant complex of Dawson Mills.”
543. Quass, W. 1979. Use of spun soy protein in meat 
systems. J. of the American Oil Chemists’ Society 56(3):341-
43. March. [11 ref]
• Summary: Contents: Abstract. Introduction. Spun protein 
analogue process. Fibrils as an ingredient-extender: Turkey 
rolls (table II), beef loaf, deviled crab, economics (table III). 
Address: Dawson, Minnesota.
544. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1979. Bond sale is 
approved so Honeymead can buy [margarine] plant. April 25. 
Business section.
• Summary: Albert Lea (Pron. = Lee) is a city in southern 
Minnesota, the capital of Freeborn County. The Albert Lea 
City Council has given preliminary approval to the sale of 
$9 million in industrial bonds so that Honeymead can buy 
the ﬁ nancially-strapped Miami Margarine Plant in Albert 
Lea. The plant, built in 1966, employs about 180 workers but 
is $1 million behind in paying for soybean oil, and is also 
behind in repaying bank loans. Miami Margarine is a family-
owned margarine company based in Cincinnati, Ohio, with 
plants in Albert Lea and Cincinnati. Honeymead runs three 
margarine plants in Missouri and Kansas.
545. Bunker, Arvin R. 1979. American farmers in the grain 
export business: A guide to buying direct. USDA Economics, 
Statistics, and Cooperatives Service, Cooperative 
Information Report No. 22. 40 p. April.
• Summary: Begins with an overview on farmers’ 
cooperatives and what they offer. They receive no 
government subsidies. “Farmers’ grain marketing 
cooperatives are situated in all major grain-producing areas 
of the United States. In 1976, a total of 2,600 cooperatives 
had combined grain sales of $10,600 million. Local area 
cooperatives receive about 40% of total U.S. off-farm sales 
of grain. Half of this amount is moved into domestic and 

=== PAGE 176 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   176
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
export markets through farmers’ regional or interregional 
cooperatives. At port locations, U.S. farmer cooperatives 
handle 20-25% of total U.S. grain and oilseed exports. U.S. 
regional grain cooperatives represent a massive farmer-
owned system. There are two interregional exporting 
cooperatives (p. 5-8). One of these, Farmers Export Co. 
[FEC] (Overland Park, Kansas), exports soybeans. It began 
exporting grain in the fall of 1968. Its owners include Agri 
Industries, Inc., Far-Mar-Co, Inc., Farmers Union Grain 
Terminal Assoc., and Indiana Farm Bureau Cooperative 
Assoc. FEC has export facilities in Ama, Louisiana, 
Galveston, Texas, and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The 
“loadout capacity” and draft of each facility is given.
 There are 13 regional exporting cooperatives in 
America. Those that export soybeans or soybean products 
include: American Grain Association (Lake Charles, 
Louisiana; founded 1965), Farmers Union Grain Terminal 
Assoc. (St. Paul, Minnesota; founded 1938), Gold Kist Inc. 
(Atlanta, Georgia; founded 1933), Indiana Farm Bureau 
Cooperative Assoc. (Indianapolis; founded 1926), and 
Riceland Foods (Stuttgart, Arkansas; founded 1920). A 
2-page proﬁ le of each company is given, including address 
and contact persons, company history, activities, capacity, 
products exported, and location of export facilities.
 Also in America there are 8 major interregional and 
regional cooperatives supplying grain for export. Those 
that deal with soybeans are Far-Mar-Co., Inc. (Hutchinson, 
Kansas; founded 1968), Agri Industries, Inc. (Des Moines, 
Iowa; founded 1904), Missouri Farmers Association, Grain 
Marketing Div. (Columbia, Missouri; founded 1964), and 
Ohio Farmers Grain Corporation (Fostoria, Ohio; founded 
1938).
 “Far-Mar-Co, Inc., the Nation’s largest grain 
marketing cooperative, was formed in 1968 from 4 regional 
cooperatives and serves more than 600 local cooperatives in 
Kansas, Nebraska, and 7 surrounding states. Far-Mar-Co’s 
origin dates from 1914 when one of its predecessors, the 
Farmers Union Jobbing Association, was formed. In 1977, 
Far-Mar-Co merged with Farmland Industries of Kansas 
City, Missouri, to become the grain marketing subsidiary of 
the Nation’s largest regional supply cooperative.
 “Far-Mar-Co operates 16 inland terminals in ﬁ ve States 
with a capacity of nearly 3.5 million metric tons (125 million 
bushels) of storage. Far-Mar-Co also operates a soy milling 
plant, three soybean processing plants, a food sales division, 
rail transportation equipment, barge loading facilities, a 
research division, data processing services for cooperatives, 
and other grain marketing activities. Far-Mar-Co maintains 
grain merchandising ofﬁ ces in eight midwestern cities plus 
a West Coast merchandising ofﬁ ce in the Los Angeles area, 
opened in 1977 to expand into the feed grain market on 
the western seaboard.” Photos show many of the export 
facilities. The logos of most co-ops are also shown.
 “Missouri Farmers Association, Grain Marketing 
Div., 201 South Seventh St., Columbia, MO 65201 (p. 40). 
The Grain Marketing Division of the Missouri Farmers 
Association was established in 1964 and markets corn, 
wheat, soybeans, and sorghum to farmers in Missouri and 
parts of Illinois. The division’s grain marketing facilities 
include 90 country elevators, 3 Mississippi River terminal 
elevators, 2 inland subterminal elevators, and a soybean 
processing plant [at Mexico, Missouri]. MFA Grain 
Marketing Division is a part owner of and markets through 
the Kansas City Terminal Elevator, the St. Louis Grain 
Corporation, and Farmers Export Co. The cooperative is also 
part owner of Agri-Trans Corporation.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) that 
mentions “Agri Industries Inc.” in connection with soybeans. 
Address: Agricultural Economist.
546. Soybean News (NSCIC). 1979. Commercial soybean 
breeders [directory]. 30(3):3. April. See also 31(3):4 (April 
1980); 32(3):4 (1981); 34(1):4 (1982).
• Summary: Note: These private-sector soybean breeders are 
listed alphabetically by last name / surname:
 “Sam Anand, McNair Seed Co., Box 706, Laurinburg, 
North Carolina 28352
 “Douglas Baker, N. Amer. Plant Breeders, Rt. 2, 
Brookston, Indiana 47923
 “Jimmy Barber, N. Amer. Plant Breeders, Box 1522, W. 
Memphis, Arkansas 72301
 “Norman Bradner, P ﬁ zer Genetics, Vigo Plant, Terre 
Haute, Indiana 47808
 “Tom Burmood, Jacques Seed Co., Prescott, Wisconsin 
54021
 “Alfonso Calub, Alexandria Seed Co., Drawer 1830, 
Alexandria, Louisiana 71301
 “William Campbell, Dairyland Seed Co., Clinton, 
Wisconsin 53525
 “Philip Cargill, Coker’s Pedigreed Seed Co., Box 205, 
Richland, Indiana 47634
 “Harry Collins, Delta and Pine Land Co., Scott, MS 
38772
 “Wayne Crook, FFR Coop., RR1, Box 285, Marshall, 
Missouri 65340
 “Bill Davis, Ring-Around Products, Inc., Box 1629, 
Plainview, Texas 79072
 “William Eby, Midwest Oilseeds, Inc., Rt. 3, Box 98, 
Adel, Iowa 50003
 “Wayne Ellingson, N. Amer. Pl. Breeders, Rt. 2, Ames, 
Iowa 50010
 “Michael Haniford, V .R. Seeds, Inc., Box 34, Flora, 
Indiana 46929
 “John Hicks, Jr., Pioneer Hi-Bred Intl. Pl. Breed. Div., 
Box 916, Leland, MS 38756
 “Joel Hudgins, FFR Coop., Box 624, Lake City, South 
Carolina 29560
 “Drew Ivers, Land O’ Lakes, Inc., RR 2, Webster City, 

=== PAGE 177 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   177
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Iowa 50595
 “Clark Jennings, Pioneer Hi-Bred Intl., Pl. Br. Div., 
3261 W. Airline Hwy., Waterloo, Iowa 50701
 “Bobby Jones, Gold Kist, Inc., Ashburn, Georgia 31714
 “Charles Laible, Funk Seeds Intl., Box 2911, 
Bloomington, Illinois 61701
 “Donald Lindahl, Pioneer Hi-Bred Int’l, Pl. Br. Div., Rt. 
150 W, St. Joseph, Illinois 61873
 “Arnold Matson, Soybean Research Foundation, Mason 
City, Illinois 62664
 “Roy Meeks, Lynnville Seed Co., Lynnville, Iowa 50153
 “Brian Moraghan, Asgrow Seed Co., Box 407, Oxford, 
Indiana 47971
 “Mung van Nguyen, Illinois. Found. Seeds, Inc., Box 
722, Champaign, Illinois 61820
 “Stephen Robinson, FFR Coop., Ellsworth, Iowa 50075
 “Marvin Rode, Illinois. Found. Seeds, Inc., Box 722, 
Champaign, Illinois 61820
 “John Schillinger, Asgrow Seed Co., 634 E. Lincolnway, 
Ames, Iowa 50010
 “Carol Schoener, Pioneer Hi-Bred Intl, Pl. Br. Div., Rt. 
150 W, St. Joseph, Illinois 61873
 “Grover Shannon, Asgrow Seed Co., Box 1160, 
Caruthersville, Missouri 63830
 “Arthur Simpson, Jr., Pﬁ  zer Genetics, Cleveland, 
Mississippi 38732
 “Gary Smelser, V oris Seed, Box 457, Windfall, Indiana 
46076
 “J.J. Stanton, Jr., Coker Ped. Seed Co., Box 340, 
Hartsville, SC 295E0
 “Paul Sun, Pﬁ  zer Genetics, Beaman, Iowa 50609
 “Robert Taylor, FFR Coop., 4112 E. State Rd., W. 
Lafayette, Indiana 47906
 “John Thorne, Northrup, King & Co., Box 49, 
Washington, Iowa 52353
 “Terry Walker, Northrup, King & Co., Rt. 1, Box 226A, 
Bolivar, Tennessee 38008
 “Darell Widick, Green Seed Co., Box 943, Gallatin, 
Tennessee 37066
 “Curtis Williams, Jacob Hartz Seed Co., Box 946, 
Stuttgart, Arkansas 72160”
547. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1979. Honeymead 
purchase of Albert Lea [margarine] plant completed. May 2. 
Business section.
• Summary: The Albert Lea plant will be managed by the 
Holsum Foods division of Honeymead based in Waukesha, 
Wisconsin. In 1977 Honeymead acquired Holsum, which 
makes salad dressings, peanut butter, jams, jellies, syrup, 
mayonnaise, mustard, and horseradish. Honeymead began 
supplying hydrogenated soybean oil to the Miami Margarine 
plant when it opened in 1966. The name of the Albert Lea 
plant will be changed to Holsum Foods, according to Lowell 
K. Rasmussen, vice president of GTA and manager of 
Honeymead.
548. Dawson Food Ingredients, Inc. 1979. Dﬁ : Dawson Food 
Ingredients, Inc. (Portfolio). Minneapolis, MN 55344. Nine 
inserts. Undated. 30 cm.
• Summary: On the cover of this glossy color portfolio are 
many 2-inch-diameter circles, all touching adjacent circles. 
Seventeen of these are ﬁ lled with color photos of Dawson 
products. The rest are ﬁ lled with a green triangle. Contents: 
Dawson Food Ingredients (p. 1). We’re in the soy protein 
ingredient business from the ground up: Description of eight 
products, each in a circle–Dawsoy ﬂ our, Isoprime, S-prime, 
Anaprime, Dawsoy ﬂ akes, Dawsoy grits, T-prime, Fi-trate 
(Fitrate). (p. 2). Key to the names of the products on the front 
cover.
 Nine inserts each give a typical analysis of the 
company’s eight products, plus Dawsoy ﬂ our 200/20.
 Note: This is the earliest English-language document 
seen (Oct. 2015) that uses the word “Anaprime” to refer to 
edible spun soy protein ﬁ bers. Address: 7901 Flying Cloud 
Dr., Minneapolis, Minnesota 55344. Phone: (612) 944-6696.
549. Product Name:  Anaprime (Spun Soy Protein Fibrils).
Manufacturer’s Name:  Dawson Food Ingredients. 
Subsidiary of Dawson Mills.
Manufacturer’s Address:  7901 Flying Cloud Dr., Suite 
230, Eden Prairie, MN 55344.
Date of Introduction:  1979 May.
New Product–Documentation:  Ad in Soya Bluebook. 
1979. p. 77. “Spun Fibrils.” Dawson Mills Annual Report. 
1979 (Dec.). “Your plant is currently producing spray dried 
isolate and spun isolate ﬁ brils. The initial samples of our new 
range of Isoprime and frozen analogue products have been 
well received by the trade...” (p. 1). Leaﬂ et & catalog titled 
“Anaprime.” 1980. March. 4 p.
 Lea ﬂ et titled Anaprime. 1980? undated. “Product 
description: Anaprime frozen meat analogs are made from 
S-prime, spun soy protein ﬁ brils. With the addition of 
ﬂ avor, color, vitamins and minerals in a special blending 
and binding system, Anaprime simulates beef, chicken, ham 
and other foods having meat-like structure. The ability of 
Anaprime to retain full texture during retorting makes it 
the preferred product for use in many food systems which 
require severe heat-to-time stress.” Physical characteristics–
Particle size: Approximately ½ inch cubes. Bulk density: 
31 lb per cubic foot. Color and ﬂ avor: Formulated to match 
the natural product. Shelf life at 0ºF (frozen): 6 months. 
Chemical characteristics: Protein (on a dry weight basis): 
57.0%. Water (as is basis): 65%. Fat: 9%.
 Lea ﬂ et (color) titled “Step-up to Anaprime.” 1980? 
undated. “The key difference between Anaprime and textured 
vegetable protein is spun soy protein ﬁ brils.” Isolated soy 
protein is spun, ﬂ avored, blended with seasonings, steam 
cooked, cut into cubes, and quick frozen to lock in the ﬂ avor 

=== PAGE 178 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   178
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021


=== PAGE 179 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   179
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
and texture that makes it more “meat-like” than textured soy 
ﬂ our. Color photos shown the tows and Anaprime cubes.
 Spot in Soyfoods. 1982. Winter. p. 56-57. “Spun soy 
protein meat alternative.”
550. Dawson Mills; Cooperative League of the USA 
(CLUSA). 1979. Historic cooperative meeting: Marking [the 
arrival in India of] the ﬁ rst shipment from the $100-million 
grant of PL-480 vegetable oil for India oilseed growers’ 
cooperatives. Friday, May 18, 1979 (Brochure). Washington, 
DC: Cooperative League of the USA (CLUSA). 16 p. 22 cm.
• Summary: On the cover is a cartoon of a town crier with 
the caption “Hear ye, hear ye. A co-op milestone.” The 
meeting was held at Dawson Mills’ Food Products Plant, 
Dawson, Minnesota. Program: Master of ceremonies–Glenn 
M. Anderson, President, CLUSA (Cooperative League 
of the USA). Welcome–Joe Givens, President, Dawson 
Mills. Introduction of special guests, by Glenn Anderson. 
Guest speaker–Robert L. Beasley, US member, ICA Agric. 
Subcommittee [and Farmland Industries]. CLUSA Oilseeds 
Committee Awards–Francis Lair, Executive Vice President, 
Universal Cooperatives, Inc. Guided bus tour of Dawson.
 Honored guests: Katheleen Bitterman, Coordinator, 
Ofﬁ ce of Food for Peace. CLUSA, a national confederation 
of U.S. cooperatives, is the “Common Ground” for 
cooperatives. U.S. cooperatives of all types make up its 
membership.
 “Dawson Mills is a cooperative soybean processing 
company located 150 miles due west of Minneapolis, St. 
Paul on Highway #212. The soybeans processed originate 
from 160 member cooperatives throughout midwest 
Minnesota and the eastern Dakotas.”
 The “India Cooperative Vegetable Oils Project... 
involves a grant of 117,000 tons of reﬁ ned vegetable 
oil to CLUSA over three years by the U.S. Agency 
for International Development (AID). The oil, worth 
approximately $100 million plus another $10 million worth 
of transportation, will be used in India to help establish 
cooperatives owned by small scale oilseeds farmers.” “The 
purpose is to establish an integrated system of oilseed 
production and marketing cooperatives owned by the farmers 
who grow the bulk of the oilseeds. Farmers in the project are 
expected to double their incomes. The project is expected 
to contribute to a major India effort to increase oilseed 
production and vegetable oils supplies as well as bring 
stable prices to consumers. 8,000 cooperatives with 347,000 
members will be organized in 8 districts of India.”
 Award recipients are: Fritz Bloomberg of Riceland 
Foods. K.O. Pat Cagle, formerly of Gold Kist. Hugh B. 
Ellsworth, formerly of Soy-Cot Sales, Inc. Joe C. Givens 
of Dawson Mills (He “designed the ‘Crown’ vegetable oil 
extractor now used throughout the world... He has made 
three trips to India... Personnel from Indian cooperatives 
have studied Dawson Mills’ operations”). Kenneth J. 
McQueen of Land O’Lakes. Dwight Miller of USDA’s 
NRRC (Peoria, Illinois). Ralph Olsen of Boone Valley. 
Donald Sands of Gold Kist. Lloyd Smith of Soy-Cot Sales...
 Note: The Cooperative League of the USA (CLUSA) 
was founded in 1916. Today (May 2005) it is more widely 
known as the National Cooperative Business Association 
(NCBA), with headquarters in Washington, DC. Address: 
1. Dawson, Minnesota; 2. Suite 1100, 1828 L St., N.W., 
Washington, DC 20036. Phone: 612/769-4386.
551. Muscatine Journal (The) (Muscatine, Iowa). 1979. 
Farm of the future. June 12. p. 5.
• Summary: “West Des Moines–Jerry O’Dowd, president 
of Agri-Industries, said that the Iowa farmer of the future is 
going to operate a much larger farm, have substantially more 
invested in land, farm machinery and facilities, and be better 
informed on current marketing conditions.
 “... He also predicted that there will be instant bids 
possible at the farm level by the mid 1980’s, with farmers 
using computer terminals to receive up-to-the minute bids for 
their products.”
552. Des Moines Register (Des Moines, Iowa). 1979. AGRI 
Industries to buy soybean plant. June 30. p. 26.
• Summary: “AGRI Industries, a marketing organization 
owned by 317 Iowa farm cooperatives, announced Friday it 
intends to buy a soybean processing plant at Manning owned 
by Continental Soya Corp.
 “AGRI plans to renovate the plant and have it in 
operation by harvest time. A formal letter of intent between 
AGRI and Continental was signed this week.
 “AGRI, which used to be known as Farmers Grain 
Dealers Association of Iowa has another soybean processing 
plant at Mason City.”
553. Bringe, A.N.; Barr, G.W. 1979. Effect of protein source 
of milk replacer on performance of dairy calves in cold 
housing. J. of Dairy Science 62(Supplement 1):100-01. 
(Abst. # P53). June.
• Summary: Forty Holstein calves were randomly assigned 
at birth to two 10% fat milk replacer treatments containing 
either all milk protein or 70% modiﬁ ed soy protein and 30% 
milk protein. The protein sources of the two milk replacers 
tested did not signiﬁ cantly affect average daily gain or health 
of the calves raised in hutches from December to May. 
Address: 1. Univ. of Wisconsin, Madison; 2. Land O’Lakes, 
Inc., Minneapolis, Minnesota.
554. Soybean Digest. 1979. No soybean slowdown in sight. 
May/June. p. SID-1, 3, 4, 6.
• Summary: This is largely a summary of a paper presented 
by Richard E. Bell, executive vice president of Riceland 
Foods at the recent World Soybean Research Conference in 
Raleigh, North Carolina (see Bell 1980).

=== PAGE 180 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   180
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
555. American Soybean Association. 1979. We did-it in 
Atlanta! (T-shirt). St. Louis, Missouri.
• Summary: This beige T-shirt has a red ring around the 
neck and both sleeves, and a large black double circle on the 
front. Inside the circle are the words “Atlanta” in red, reddish 
brown, and tan. There is an image of the Atlanta skyline 
in the middle and a silhouette of soybeans growing in the 
middle. To the right is written: “ASA National Convention, 
August 12-15 1979, Atlanta, Georgia.” Below the circle is 
written the association’s name, and below that “Do it with 
Gold Kist” between two Gold Kist logos. Address: St. Louis, 
Missouri.
556. Food Product Development. 1979. Soy, binder, ﬂ avor 
combination makes analog preferred by some over real diced 
meat. 13(8):42. Aug.
• Summary: Through careful blending of “spun soy ﬁ brils, 
binding agents, and reacted meat ﬂ avors, Dawson Food 
Ingredients has developed highly acceptable meat analogs 
in beef, chicken, and ham varieties. Anaprime frozen 
meat cubes exhibit the ﬂ avor and muscle texture matching 
their natural counterparts.” Selling for $1.10 per pound 
in truckload quantities, they represent an economically 
attractive alternative to expensive meats. Four color photos 
show the products.
557. National Soybean Processors Association. 1979. 50th 
Anniversary Annual Meeting–National Soybean Processors 
Association: August 26-28, 1979, The Hyatt at Palmetto 
Dunes, Hilton Head Island, South Carolina. Washington, DC. 
26 p. 23 cm.
• Summary:  See next page. Contents: Letter of 
congratulations from President Jimmy Carter. Welcome 
to the 50th Anniversary Annual Meeting of the National 
Soybean Processors Association (NSPA). Historical 
perspective (incl. graph of million bushels of soybeans 
crushed from 1933 to 1978). NSPA anniversary year ofﬁ cers 
and staff. 50th anniversary year board of directors.
 Chief elected of ﬁ cers of NSPA, 1929-1977 (p. 4-5; each 
is now listed as “Chairman, Executive Committee,” but in 
documents before the mid-1970s each actually used the title 
of “President”): Otto Eisenschiml 1929-30 (Note 1. The 
NSPA was not ofﬁ cially formed until 21 May 1930. It was 
originally named the “National Soybean Oil Manufacturers 
Association,” but in 1936 was renamed the National Soybean 
Processors Association). Whitney H. Eastman 1931-35. 
I.C. Bradley 1935-36. E.K. Scheiter 1936-37. E.F. Johnson 
1937-38. W.H. Eastman 1938-41. E.K. Scheiter 1941-45. 
D.G. Bunnell 1945-47. W.H. Eastman 1947-49. R.G. Golseth 
1949-51. E.A. Cayce 1951-53. W.E. Huge 1953-55. Dwight 
L. Dannen 1955-57. M.D. (Pete) McVay 1957-59, Glenn 
H. Pogeler 1959-61. Donald B. Walker 1961-63. Scott E. 
Cramer 1963-65. Lowell W. Andreas 1965-67. Now the title 
in the book changes to “President”: Theodore W. Bean 1967-
69. James W. Moore 1969-71. James W. Hogan 1971-73. 
James R. Spicola 1973-75. Lowell K. Rasmussen 1975-77.
 Chief staff ofﬁ  cers of NSPA, 1929-68: Edward J. 
Dies 1928-47 (Consultant, executive secretary, president, 
chairman. See Note below). Robert G. Houghtlin 1947-68. 
A portrait photo shows each of the above men from Dannen 
(1955) to Houghtlin (1968). Special invited guests (p. 
6-7): U.S. friends of NSPA, international friends of NSPA, 
corporate ofﬁ cers of NSPA member ﬁ rms (Agri-Industries, 
Archer Daniels Midland, Anderson Clayton Co., Buckeye 
Cellulose Corp., Cargill Inc., Central Soja Co., Continental 
Grain Co., Farmland Industries, Gold Kist Inc., Missouri 
Farmers Association, Perdue Incorporated, Planters Oil Mill 
Inc., Riceland Foods Inc., A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co.).
 National Soybean Crop Improvement Council (NSCIC, 
p. 8-9): A portrait photo shows the managing directors 
since 1961 Robert W. Judd, 26 advisory board members 
(Billy Caldwell, William Colville, Garnet Craddock, Roy 
Creech, Robert Gast, Dale Harpstead, Edgar Hartwig, Jack 
Hiatt, Maurice Horton, Robert Howell, Thomas Hutcheson, 
Jr., Hyde Jacobs, Herbert Johnson, Robert Leffel, William 
Martin, Arnold Matson, Charles McAnts, Wallace Moline, 
Bill Ott, John Pendleton, John Pesek, Marvin Phillips, 
Edward Runge, Paul Santelman, Berlie Schmidt, Lloyd 
Seatz, Warren Shaw, Keith J. Smith (ASA), Walter Thomas, 
and Coleman Ward). Plus 3 special 1979 guests (Athow, 
Bernard, Turnipseed). NSPA annual meetings, sites from 
1968-82. 50th annual meeting program of events (Master of 
ceremonies will be Earl. L. Butz, Secretary of Agriculture). 
Eleven pages of ads.
 Note 2. Concerning Edward J. Dies: These dates seem 
incorrect. All prior records show that this association was 
organized on 21 May 1930, not in 1928. In 1950, when Dies 
was elected honorary life member of the American Soybean 
Association, Soybean Digest wrote of his career: Edward 
Jerome Dies, formerly the president of the National Soybean 
Processors Association, “was a staff correspondent of the 
Associated Press and a magazine writer before launching his 
Chicago [Illinois] public relations bureau. In 1936, when the 
soybean crop was only 33 million bushels, his agency was 
engaged by the National Soybean Processors Association to 
correct certain adverse publicity. Soon he became president 
of the expanding trade group, and continued in ofﬁ ce until 
1945, when he resigned and went to live in Washington. 
He has retained a connection with the soy ﬂ our industry as 
director of the Soya Food Research Council.” Address: 1800 
M Street N.W., Washington, DC 20036.
558. Metelsky, John. 1979. Bean boom beneﬁ ts town: 
There’s no recession in Dawson. Soybean Digest. Sept. p. 
SID-8.
• Summary: Dawson, Minnesota, is a town virtually built 
around soybeans. Its leading industry is Dawson Mills, a 

=== PAGE 181 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   181
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021


=== PAGE 182 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   182
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
soybean processing plant, which employs about 280 people 
(out of 1,800 in the town) and pays about 40% of the town’s 
taxes. “An $18 million food processing plant has recently 
been built. It produces soy protein isolates, used in baby 
food, protein diets and high protein meat and ﬁ sh substitutes. 
The new plant also will produce soy ﬂ our, ﬂ akes, grits 
and texturized soy ﬂ our. ‘The plant operates 24 hours a 
day, 7 days a week, and processes 1,300 tons of soybeans 
everyday,’ says Joe Givens, Dawson Mills president.
 “Gerry Michaelson, who farms near Dawson, is also 
aware of the plant’s beneﬁ ts. He has been a farmer for 27 
years, and now grows 600 acres of soybeans.
 “About 7% of soybeans processed in the plant are sold 
to the Food for Peace program in the form of high protein 
soy grits and soy ﬂ our. That’s about 30,000 tons of product 
each year.”
 Photos show: (1) The outside of the Dawson Mills’ 
plant. (2) A Dawson worker watching as soybeans are 
dumped from a hopper. (3) A man cupping soybeans in both 
hands.
559. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  AGRI Industries, Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Manning, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1979 October.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  AGRI Industries Graphic. 
1979. “Bean crush begins at Manning–Soybean processing 
starts October 13 at AGRI Industries’ site: 22,000 bushels 
crushed per day.” V ol. 12, No. 37. Oct. 24.
 Dunn, John R. 1981. “Re: History of U.S. cooperative 
soybean processors.” Letter to William Shurtleff at Soyfoods 
Center. 3 p. AGRI Industries started operated a soybean 
crushing plant in 1979.
560. AGRI Industries Graphic. 1979. Bean crush begins at 
Manning–Soybean processing starts October 13 at AGRI 
Industries’ site: 22,000 bushels crushed per day. V ol. 12, No. 
37. Oct. 24.
• Summary: “The Manning Soybean Processing Plant, AGRI 
Industries latest acquisition, has begun crushing soybeans. 
Ken Sullivan, AGRI’s soybean processing manager at both 
Manning and Mason City, notiﬁ ed the Des Moines ofﬁ ces 
that crushing at Manning began on Saturday, October 13.”
 “Soybeans are being shipped to Manning,–all by truck 
thus far–from more than 30 country elevators, some more 
than 80 miles away.”
 “Solvent process meal (44% protein) is now available 
at Manning, for delivery by both truck and rail. Hi-Pro 
Meal will be available by November 1, according to Plant 
Superintendent Ken Weets.
 Manning’s optimal capacity of 1,000 tons/day of 
soybean is expected to be reached in a year or two; additional 
equipment and a larger market for the soy products will be 
needed. “Construction is proceeding on the 702,000 bushel 
concrete elevator at the Manning site... Completion is 
scheduled for mid-1980.”
561. Feedstuffs. 1979. Top 30 commercial feed 
manufacturers [in the USA] (based on capacity). 51(44):9. 
Oct. 29.
• Summary: 1. Ralston Purina Co. (7,000,000+ tons annual 
capacity; 61 mills in USA).
 2. Allied Mills, Inc. (3,000,000+ tons; 23 mills).
 3. Central Soya Co. (2,500,000 tons; 32 mills).
 4. Agway, Inc. (2,000,000 tons; 22 mills).
 5. Gold Kist, Inc. (2,000,000; 14 mills).
 6. Farmland Industries, Inc. (1,550,000 tons; 20 mills).
 7. Cargill, Inc. (1,000,000 tons; 33 mills).
 8. Carnation Co. (1,000,000 tons; 14 mills).
 9. Moorman Mfg Co. (1,000,000 tons; 7 mills).
 16. ConAgra, Inc. (600,000 tons; 8 mills).
 17. Land O’Lakes, Inc. (500,000 tons; 10 mills).
 18. MFC, Inc. (500,000 tons; 7 mills).


=== PAGE 183 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   183
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Capacity in most cases is based on 2 shifts, 5 days a 
week.
562. Feedstuffs. 1979. The integrators: The ‘in-house’ feed 
manufacturers. 51(44):44. Oct. 29.
• Summary: The integrators–virtually 100% of the broiler 
industry and about 80% of the turkey and egg industries–
are deﬁ ned by control of the production, processing, and 
marketing functions. In each table, estimated feed usage 
is also given. One table shows America’s top 20 broiler 
producers: The ﬁ rst number gives the company’s rank and 
the second (in parentheses) the number of birds processed 
in millions in 1978: 1. Holly Farms (Federal Co. 260). 2. 
Gold Kist, Inc. (240). 8. Central Soya Co. (130). 9. ConAgra 
(129). 10. Wayne Poultry (Allied Mills. 114). 19 Cargill, Inc. 
(57).
 Another table shows America’s top 15 turkey operations. 
The second ﬁ gure shows millions of pounds live weight 
processed: 1. Swift Dairy & Poultry Co. (325). 2. Armour & 
Co. (175-200). 3. Cargill, Inc. (150-175). 6. Land O’Lakes 
(100-110). 14. Central Soya (20-25).
 A third table shows America’s top 20 commercial 
cattle feeding companies. The second ﬁ gure represents the 
total capacity in number of cattle: 1. Cargill, Inc. (Caprock 
Industries, 5 lots; 216,000 head; 982,800 tons of feed). 9. 
Continental Grain Co. (Allied Mills, 3 lots; 105,000 head). 
Cattle have an average 140-day ﬁ nishing period in the 
feedlot, and consume 25 lb. of feed per head per day. in the
 A fourth table shows America’s top 20 table egg layer 
operations. The second ﬁ gure is number of layers in millions: 
1. Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. (11.0). 4. Cargill, Inc. (3.5). 13. 
ConAgra, Inc. (1.6). 15. Central Soya (1.5). 16. Gold Kist 
Eggs (1.33). 17. MFC Services (1.33).
563. Product Name:  Fi-Trate / Fitrate Soy Fiber 
Concentrate (from Isolated Soy Protein).
Manufacturer’s Name:  Dawson Food Ingredients. Div. of 
Dawson Mills.
Manufacturer’s Address:  7901 Flying Cloud Dr., Suite 
230, Eden Prairie, MN 55344.
Date of Introduction:  1979.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1979. 
p. 77. But no brand name given. Hannigan. 1980. Food 
Engineering. Jan. p. 44-45. “Soy Fiber Concentrate.” Gives 
the brand as Fi-Trade. This is a white, very ﬁ ne, free-ﬂ owing 
powder. It is water dispersible, bland in ﬂ avor, and has no 
odor. It is water-extracted from high grade soy ﬂ our and ﬂ ash 
dried. A mixture of crude and dietary ﬁ ber, it is different 
from soy hulls.
564. Product Name:  Defatted Soy Flour, Flakes, and Grits.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Dawson Food Ingredients. Div. of 
Dawson Mills.
Manufacturer’s Address:  7901 Flying Cloud Dr., Suite 
230, Eden Prairie, MN 55344.
Date of Introduction:  1979.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1979. p. 
77; 1980. p. 51. No brand names given.
565. Product Name:  Soy Protein Isolate, Spun Soy Protein 
Fibers.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Dawson Food Ingredients. Div. of 
Dawson Mills.
Manufacturer’s Address:  7901 Flying Cloud Dr., Suite 
230, Eden Prairie, MN 55344.
Date of Introduction:  1979.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Digest Bluebook. 
1979. p. 77. Soya Bluebook. 1980. p. 54.
566. Product Name:  Frozen Meat Analogs.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Dawson Food Ingredients. 
Subsidiary of Dawson Mills.
Manufacturer’s Address:  7901 Flying Cloud Dr., Suite 
230, Eden Prairie, MN 55344.
Date of Introduction:  1979.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1979. p. 
77. Talk with Joe Givens of Dawson Mills. 2005. May 25. 
These analogs were made at the isolate spinning factory 
outside of Dawson. The sales and marketing ofﬁ ce was on 
Flying Cloud Dr. in Eden Prairie, a suburb of Minneapolis.
567. Dawson Mills. 1979. Annual report. Dawson, 
Minnesota. 12 p. 22 x 28 cm.
• Summary: For the business year ended 31 Aug. 1979. 
* = with photo. Report to the members, by Joe Givens*. 
Management staf
f*. Directors’ comments (with photo of 
each). Balance sheet. Statement of changes in ﬁ nancial 
position. Statement of operations. Ephriam Boraas: Director 
and past chairman (with photo). 1979 highlights. Graph 
of soybeans processed (15.339 million bushels in 1979). 
Cooperative patronage refund.
 In his “Report to the members,” Givens states: “The 
project to produce food ingredients based on isolate [sic, 
isolated] soy protein continues to hold much promise for 
the future of Dawson Mills. After 2½ years of work and the 
expenditure of nearly 20 million dollars, the plant started 
production and dried isolated protein in July. Your plant 
is currently producing spray dried isolate and spun isolate 
ﬁ brils. The initial samples of our new range of Isoprime and 
frozen analogue products have been well received by the 
trade and our team of specialist salesmen in Dawson Food 
Ingredients will be building sales as rapidly as possible. 
Meat analogues and spray dried dietary ﬁ ber concentrates are 
scheduled to be in production in early 1980.”
 Dawson Mills had a Net Margin (proﬁ  t) of $2,433,097 
for the year. “These Net Margins are stated after expending 
$1,800,000 in product development, isolate plant start-up and 
other related costs.” During the last two ﬁ scal years (1977 

=== PAGE 184 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   184
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
and 1978) the company suffered losses totaling $1,415,373 
[in large part due to expenses at the isolate plant]. Address: 
Dawson, Minnesota. Phone: (612) 769-4386.
568. Pogeler, Glenn H. 1979? [Resumé]. 2 p. Undated. 
Unpublished typescript. 28 cm.
• Summary: Married. 6 feet 1 inch. 170 pounds. 64 years 
old. Experience: Clayton Brokerage Co., McLean, Virginia. 
Commodity Representative, 1977 to present. USDA, 
Washington, DC, 1970-76. A.I.D., Washington, DC. 
Consultant Feb.-June 1970. Soybean Council of America, 
Inc., Washington, DC. President, 1964-1969. North Iowa 
Soybean Cooperative, Mason City, Iowa. General manager, 
1943-1964.
 Other activities: Chairman and director, National 
Soybean Processors Assoc. Director, National Council 
of Farmer Cooperatives. Member, Chicago Board of 
Trade. Director, First National bank, Mason City, Iowa. 
Airport Commissioner, Mason City, Iowa. Address: 6420 
Crosswoods Drive, Falls Church, Virginia 22044. Phone: 
(703) 256-3087.
569. Food Product Development. 1980. Soy ﬁ ber offers 
functional, dietary plusses. 14(1):40. Jan.
• Summary: About Fitrate, a soy ﬁ ber concentrate from 
Dawson Food Ingredients. A table compares the composition 
of soy ﬁ ber, soy bran, wheat bran, citrus ﬁ ber, and powdered 
cellulose.
570. Hannigan, Kevin J. 1980. Soy ﬁ ber concentrate: It’s a 
mixture of crude and dietary ﬁ ber derived via extraction of 
protein and carbohydrates from defatted soybeans. And its 
uniquely functional. Food Engineering 52(1):44-45. Jan.
• Summary: About Fi-trate from Dawson Mills. Address: 
Features editor.
571. Reynolds, Bruce. 1980. Producers Export Company: 
The beginnings of cooperative grain exporting. USDA 
Economics, Statistics, and Cooperatives Service, Farmer 
Cooperative Research Report No. 15. 21 p. Jan.
• Summary: Producers Export Company (PEC), which 
existed from 1958 to 1969, was the ﬁ rst attempt by grain 
cooperatives to develop an export merchandising program. 
“This report explores the development of PEC and analyzes 
reasons for its termination in 1969. This history can help 
co-op managers and directors carry out future efforts to 
consolidate and unify cooperative grain exporting.”
 “American farmers began establishing local grain 
elevator co-ops during the late 19th century. A second state 
of development occurred during 1911-32, when many 
local elevator co-ops facing extinction sought to improve 
their earnings by establishing regional organizations for 
merchandising in the terminal markets. The regionals sought 
to overcome boycotts imposed by the terminal merchants on 
their gaining representation on some of the major boards of 
trade. They were successful in a few cases.
 “The outbreak of global depression in 1929 brought the 
exporting of U.S. grains to a standstill that persisted for the 
most part until after World War II. Expansion of cooperative 
grain marketing, to a large extent, occurred during that 
period of unfavorable market conditions when U.S. grain 
export activity was dormant. The Great Depression ushered 
in a period of tight Government control over the grain 
market. In 1929 the Federal Farm Board established a 
nationwide cooperative organization, the Farmers National 
Grain Corporation (FNGC), for managing an orderly 
marketing system and for strengthening grain cooperatives. 
Although the FNGC was not a Government agency, it sold 
most of its grain to the Grain Stabilization Corporation. 
When the Federal Farm Board was terminated in 1933, 
the FNGC participated in the program of the Agricultural 
Adjustment Administration [AAA]... The FNGC was 
dissolved in 1938, and the regionals then had to develop their 
merchandising operations.” A chronology of the career of 
Roy F. Hendrickson from 1924 to 1968 (p. 20-21) includes 
his work with USDA (1941) and with “The regionals 
that participated in the two stages (pre-1962 and 1962) of 
merging activity that led to the formation in 1968 of Far-
Mar-Co, Inc. in Hutchinson, Kansas.”
 Stage 1 was: (1) Farmers Union Grain Terminal Elevator 
(Denver, Colorado). (2) Farmers Union Cooperative Elevator 
Federation (Omaha, Nebraska). (3) Farmers Union Jobbing 
Association (Kansas City, Missouri).
 Stage 2 in 1962 was: (1) Farmers Union Cooperative 
Marketing Association (Kansas City, Missouri). (2) Farmers 
Cooperative Commission Co. (Hutchinson, Kansas) (3) 
Equity Union Grain Co. (Lincoln, Nebraska). (4) Westcentral 
Cooperative Grain Co. (Omaha, Nebraska). The latter four 
cooperatives merged in 1968 to become Farmland Industries.
 The following regionals founded FEC [Farmers Export 
Co., formed in Jan. 1967]: (1) American Grain and Related 
Industries (formerly Farmers Grain Dealers Association of 
Iowa; Des Moines, Iowa). (2) Far-Mar-Co. (Hutchinson, 
Kansas). (3) Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association 
(GTA; St. Paul, Minnesota). (4) Illinois Grain Corporation 
(Bloomington, Illinois). (5) Missouri Farmers Association 
(Columbia, Missouri). (6) MFC Services (AAL; Madison, 
Wisconsin).
 “After 1968, FEC’s membership grew to 12. Much of 
FEC’s growth in membership was due to its expansion of 
port elevator operations to Galveston, Texas, in 1976, and to 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1979.”
 The 6 new members were: (7) Indiana Farm Bureau 
Cooperative Association, Inc. (Indianapolis, Indiana). (8) 
St. Louis Grain Corporation (St. Louis, Missouri). (9) Farm 
Bureau Services, Inc. (Lansing, Michigan). (10). Kansas 
City Terminal Elevator Company (Kansas City, Missouri). 
(11) Landmark, Inc. (Columbus, Ohio). (12) Ohio Farmers 

=== PAGE 185 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   185
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Grain Corporation (Fostoria, Ohio). Address: Agricultural 
Economist, USDA FCS.
572. Cereal Foods World. 1980. Ingredients: Soy protein 
isolates. 24(2):81. Feb.
• Summary: Isoprime 900 and 900G from Dawson Food 
Ingredients are soy protein isolates that are light cream in 
color and bland. Isoprime 900 is a water-dispersible powder 
that displays low resistance ﬂ ow. 900G, also a powder, forms 
ﬁ rm gels under proper conditions. Anaprime frozen analogs 
are made from spun soy protein ﬁ brils. Fi-trate soy ﬁ ber 
concentrate is a white, free ﬂ owing, water dispersible, bland, 
low calorie food ingredient. For details contact: Dawson 
Food Ingredients, Dept. CFW, 7901 Flying Cloud Dr., 
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55334. Phone: 612/944-6696.
573. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1980. Dawson Mills–
Land O’Lakes merger ofﬁ cially announced. 95(31):1. March 
6.
• Summary: The merger of Dawson Mills and Land O’Lakes 
took effect on 1 March 1980 after approval by the boards of 
directors of the two organizations. The merger was ofﬁ cially 
announced at the 59th Annual Meeting of Land O’Lakes 
last week. Ralph Hofstad, President of Land O’Lakes, said 
the “merger presents beneﬁ ts to all those involved with the 
soybean processing business through the two cooperatives.”
 Mr. Joe Givens, who has served as general manager 
or president of Dawson Mills for 28 years, is now vice 
president of the “Soy Group within Land O’Lakes. The 
new Soy Group consists of Dawson Mills and two soybean 
processing facilities in Iowa” (at Sheldon and Forth Dodge).
 Dawson Mills was established in 1951 as a cooperative 
(under a different name) to obtain better returns on locally 
grown soybeans. Throughout the years, membership grew to 
over 160 cooperative elevators located in midwest Minnesota 
and the eastern Dakotas.
 “Approximately 300 area residents are employed at 
the facilities in Dawson. Each year over 15 million bushels 
of soybeans are processed into oil, feed meal, food quality 
ﬂ our, grits, textured soy ﬂ our, isolated soybean protein, and a 
variety of high protein food products.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
concerning Land O’Lakes in connection with Dawson 
Mills. Land O’Lakes acquired Dawson Mills, which was 
in ﬁ nancial difﬁ culty, largely due to losses in its soy isolate 
business.
574. Tallent, W.H. 1980. Cooperative oilseed processors. 
Northern Regional Research Center: Notes from the Director 
No. 1410. p. 1. March 14.
• Summary: “Dwight Miller (DO) reported on NRRC 
research and development activities at the joint Soybean- 
Cottonseed- Sunﬂ ower- Peanuts- Rapeseed Conference in 
San Francisco on March 9-12. While the conference has 
been expanded during the past year to include other oilseeds, 
soybean and cottonseed oils dominated the interest of the 
approximately 180 attendees. Dawson Mills, Dawson, 
Minnesota, recently installed a new factory to produce edible 
soy products [protein isolates]. It was announced at the 
conference that they have become part of the Land O’Lakes 
Organization.” Address: Center Director.
575. Dawson Food Ingredients. 1980. Anaprime: Meat 
analog products made from spun soy protein. Taste can’t 
tell... the only difference you’ll notice between Anaprime 
and meat is the low cost and convenience (Brochure). 7901 
Flying Cloud Dr., Minneapolis, MN 55344. 4 p. Catalog. 28 
cm.
• Summary: On the cover of this color glossy brochure are 
eight prepared dishes, each containing cubes of Anaprime. 
These meatlike products are made from spun soy protein 
ﬁ bers. They are available in three ﬂ avors, each in frozen 
diced pieces: beef, chicken, or ham.
 Inserted into this brochure are three inserts: (1) Step-
up to Anaprime: The key difference between Anaprime 
and textured vegetable protein is spun protein ﬁ brils (color, 
one sided). (2) Comparison of approximate composition 
of Anaprime vegetable protein frozen products and their 
animal counterpart (per 100 grams edible portion): Ham 
(3 p.). Chicken (3 p.). Beef (3 p.). Address: Minneapolis, 
Minnesota.
576. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1980. Honeymead 
bond issue approved. April 9. Business section.
• Summary: A $5 million industrial revenue (IR) Bond has 
been approved by the Mankato City Council. Honeymead 
will use the money to buy a new deodorizer-steam reﬁ ner 
and bleaching plant, which will be housed in a separate 
building.
577. Torgerson, Susan. 1980. Mankato No. 2 in nation in 
soy processing: 40 years ago industry didn’t amount to a hill 
of beans. Land (The) (Southern Minnesota) 4(10):1, 13, 38. 
April 24.
• Summary: “It wasn’
t a farmer, but a lawyer who 
introduced soybeans to this area. William Blethen, Mankato, 
as a young lawyer in 1938 was handling a case in Winona, 
and during the three-day hearing, he roomed with his Iowa 
client Riley Lewis.
 “Lewis, a retired country extension agent, whiled away 
their spare time extolling the success of soybeans in his state 
and sent Blethen home with the beginnings of an idea that a 
soybean processing plant in Mankato might prosper.”
 Blethen’s research showed that southern Minnesota 
was within the northern boundary of soybean country. He 
hosted three Mankato residents–a banker, a farmer, and a 
businessman–on a tour of a soybean processing plant [owned 
by Ralph Wells & Company] in Monmouth, Illinois.

=== PAGE 186 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   186
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Blethen recalled that he put the three men in his two-
door Plymouth coach, paid all their expenses, and took 
them to Monmouth–even though he was making only $150 
a month at the time. He asked the three to please give him 
every reason why he shouldn’t open a soybean processing 
plant in Mankato, but none of their criticisms seemed 
strong enough to sway him. In Mankato, Good Thunder, 
and Rochester (Minnesota; his former home) he sought out 
investors who were willing to put up a total of $50,000. 
The core group of investors, who lived in Mankato and its 
environs, among them several bankers and associates of the 
telephone company, included the now deceased Judge S.B. 
Wilson, C.P. Barnard, and T.M. Coughlan.
 They named the new company Mankato Soybean 
Products, Inc. [probably in 1939]. For $7,500 they 
purchased the abandoned Minnesota Pipe and Tile Co. on 
the current Honeymead site. Their purchase included several 
warehouses, a building suitable for ofﬁ ces, a rail line, and a 
city block of property fronting the Blue Earth River. They 
installed one expeller, which worked like a big meat grinder 
to crush and press the oil from the soybeans.
 But they still needed soybeans. In the spring of 1939, 
various farm meetings were scheduled in the area. Blethen 
and his former client, Lewis, who had been hired to manage 
the plant, made the rounds of the meetings, urging farmers 
to try this amazing crop. Though Blethen, a lawyer, knew 
nothing about farming, he was telling farmers how to plant 
and grow soybeans. The meetings attracted interest but few 
commitments. The farmers went home, thought it over, and 
talked to their neighbors. Richard L. Myers, an investor and 
then president of the First National Bank in Good Thunder, 
recruited tenants from his family’s farm to experiment with 
soybeans.
 The time was ripe for soybeans in southern Minnesota. 
The main crop had been wheat until the early 1900s, when 
corn was introduced. By the 1930s corn was well established 
and farmers were looking for a crop–ideally a legume–to use 
in rotation with corn. This opened the door for soybeans.
 During Mankato Soybean Co.’s ﬁ  rst year of operation, 
soybeans were not available locally, so they had to be 
purchased elsewhere and shipped in by train. The company 
lost money its ﬁ rst year and investors had to come up 
with another $50,000 to cover expenses. Note: We are 
not told when the company began processing soybeans. A 
conservative guess would be Sept. 1940, but it could have 
been as early as Sept. 1939.
 In 1941, Lewis was succeeded as plant manager by Ed 
Ober, a Lake Crystal farmer. Fortunately Ober recruited 
Frank Bergemann as manager. Bergemann adapted the plant 
to also process ﬂ ax, helping to make the company proﬁ table 
by its third year–as more and more local soybeans began 
pouring into the plant.
 In 1942 Washington Egg and Poultry Association 
[WAPA], a poultry cooperative [Lynden, Washington State], 
offered the investors double their money for the company; 
all of Blethen’s pleading couldn’t stand in their way. In 1946 
[sic, 1947] the Andreas family bought the plant from WAPA. 
Address: Staff writer.
578. Food Processing (Chicago). 1980. Soy ﬁ ber concentrate 
aids in producing foods that meet nutritional guidelines: 
Ingredient permits calorie and fat reduction and increase in 
ﬁ ber. April. p. 44-46. Foods of Tomorrow section.
• Summary: This soy ﬁ ber concentrate, named Fitrate, 
is now available in pilot-plant quantities. Commercial 
quantities are expected to be available in the fall of 1980. 
For more information contact Dawson Food Ingredients, 
Subsidiary of Dawson Mills, 7901 Flying Cloud Drive, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota.
 Note: The main ingredient in Fitrate is the dietary ﬁ ber 
left over after making soy protein isolates. A table compares 
its composition with that of soy bran, wheat bran, citrus ﬁ ber, 
and Solka-ﬂ oc.
579. Food Engineering. 1980. Meat analog from “spun” 
protein: Soy protein is spun into ﬁ bers, then formed into 
analogs which have the look, taste and texture of meat. 
52(5):32. May.
• Summary: “The basic technology that General Mills 
developed to produce spun soy protein is making a 
comeback. Dawson Mills, which purchased the technology 
and equipment from General Mills about 5 years ago, 
has just announced a new line of meat analogs under the 
tradename Anaprime.
 “Basically, the technology is the same. ‘But we did 
improve upon the ﬂ avor of the analogs,’ reports Marty 
Loula, Marketing Manager for Dawson Food Ingredients 
(subsidiary for Dawson Mills). ‘In addition,’ says Loula, 
‘we’ve added a roast beef analog, which wasn’t available 
before. And we’re in the ﬁ nal stages of developing a 
pepperoni analog.’ The basic analogs–beef, chicken and 
ham–are being produced by Dawson in its new facility in 
Minneapolis [Minnesota].”
580. Glazer, Howard. 1980. Beans become area’s largest 
crop. Daily Leader (Stuttgart, Arkansas). May. p. 2E. 
Stuttgart Centennial Edition.
• Summary: “From its late-1920s beginning as a ‘second 
crop’ planted to prevent land from being exhausted by rice, 
the soybean has developed into Arkansas’ most proliﬁ c crop, 
and Grand Prairie farmers and agribusiness leaders are just 
beginning to explore its vast potential.”
 A history of the soybean is given. It ﬁ rst arrived in the 
USA in 1804, and in Arkansas in 1924. Today the USA is 
the world’s largest soybean producing country, ahead of the 
soybean’s homeland–China.
 “Starts with ten bushels: Jacob Hartz Sr. and A.R. 
Thorell, partners in an International Harvester dealership 

=== PAGE 187 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   187
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
in Stuttgart, brought the soybean to Arkansas in 1924 after 
seeing area farmers suffer from decreasing rice yield the 
previous few years.” Rice depletes the soil of nitrogen, but 
soybeans enrich the soil with nitrogen. According to Marion 
Hartz, son of Jacob Hartz Sr., his father and A.R. Thorell 
bought ten bushels of Laredo soybeans from a producer 
in Illinois. The Laredo variety was used chieﬂ y for the 
production of hay. “Those ﬁ rst beans were given in amounts 
of one-half and one bushel to various farmers around the 
area for use on land which had been in rice for a number 
of years,” according to Marion. “Some of it was allowed 
to grow to maturity, some was cut for hay, and some was 
plowed under for use as a green manure crop. The following 
year, they saw deﬁ nite yield increases in their rice.” 
Thereafter Hartz and Thorell became soybean evangelists. 
Jacob Hartz (who had only a 6th grade education) worked 
closely with Heartsill Banks–who worked at the rice station 
and had a college degree from the University of Arkansas. 
Both were good public speakers and easy to meet and talk 
with. They traveled 30-50 miles in all directions. “Dad would 
talk about the practical aspects while Mr. Banks would 
discuss the technical side. People called them the ‘Soybean 
Twins.’”
 Hartz and Thorell, recognizing at an early date the 
potential of soybeans, custom-combined the crop for local 
farmers in return for a cash fee, and arranged space for 
storage bins in what is now the A.R. Thorell Supply Co. 
building on second and college streets. Shortly afterward, 
they bought a small cleaner. The beans were scooped off the 
trucks by hand.
 By the early 1930s, Hartz-Thorell Supply Co. had 
become so involved in the soybean business that a new 
building was needed. In 1932 or 1933 the company rented a 
two-story building on the corner of First and College; it had 
a small elevator in back which could carry a small truck. The 
partners transferred their soybean growing operations to the 
new facility.
 In 1935 the partners realized that even their two-year-
old facility was no longer adequate for what had become 
the Seed Department of the Hartz-Thorell Supply Co., so a 
seed cleaning and processing plant was constructed on East 
Cleveland St., south of an existing rice mill and east of what 
is now Riceland Foods parboil plant. The contractor for this 
plant, which had a storage capacity of 50,000 bushels, was 
J.B. Barnett, who used material from dismantled sawmills 
in southwest Arkansas as his primary construction material. 
The plant was constructed as a grain-elevator type of 
operation, with reﬁ nements for seed processing and a very 
large seed cleaning capacity for those days. It soon became 
widely known and, at 102 feet tall, was the tallest building in 
Stuttgart.
 The soybean really started to take off during World 
War II. Now Hartz traveled and worked to educate southern 
cottonseed crushers in western Tennessee and eastern 
Arkansas that the soybean was a good alternative. After a 
slow start, the new campaign met with success.
 In 1942 Hartz and Thorell divided their history-making 
company, Thorell keeping the equipment business while 
Hartz took the seed division. Today both companies continue 
to prosper, with the Hartz Seed Co. now one of the leaders in 
American seed research.
 Riceland Foods entered the soybean picture in the 
1950s, building crushing facilities at Stuttgart and throughout 
eastern Arkansas, including plants at Helena and Jonesboro–
which have helped bring an end to the reign of “King 
Cotton.”
 A large photo shows tractors pulling combines across a 
soybean ﬁ eld in 1936 or 1937.
581. Lockmiller, N.R. “Dick.” 1980. Dawson Mills has 
merged with Land O’Lakes (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. 
June 30. Conducted by Walter J. Wolf of NRRC, Peoria, 
Illinois.
• Summary: After paying $10 million to General Mills for 
their soy isolate process, Dawson Mills spent an additional 
$25 million on it. They haven’t sold much isolate yet, and 
ﬁ nancial problems have caused them to merge with Land 
O’Lakes.
 On 17 July 1981 Dick Fullmer of Cargill told Dr. 
Walter Wolf that Dawson Mills has shut down their protein 
concentrate and isolate operation.
582. Dubois, Donald K. 1980. Soy products in bakery foods. 
AIB Research Department, Technical Bulletin 2(9):1-10. 
Sept. [12 ref]
• Summary: Contents: Introduction. Processing of soy 
products. Quality factors. Defatted soy ﬂ our. Enzyme active 
soy ﬂ our. Full fat, high fat and lecithinated soy ﬂ ours. Soy 
grits. Soy protein concentrates. Soy protein isolates. Milk 
replacer blends. Soy bran. Nutrition. Products. Summary.
 AIB stands for the American Institute of Baking. “Soy 
products, because of their unique functional and nutritional 
properties, have become major ingredients in many food 
systems. The use of soy protein as an ingredient, extender, 
or analog has spread to every category of food, and 
consumption of edible soy protein in the United States has 
grown from less than one hundred million pounds per year in 
the early 1960’s to over one billion pounds per year in 1978.”
 Ten tables give the nutritional composition plus NSI 
(Nitrogen Solubility Index) and PDI (Protein Dispersibility 
Index) of different soy products, and the manufacturer of 
each, as follows: Table IV–15 defatted soy ﬂ ours: A.E. 
Staley: Bland 50, I-200, and F-200. ADM Company: Baker’s 
Nutrisoy, Nutrisoy, and Toasted Nutrisoy. Central Soya Co.: 
Soyaﬂ uff 200W. Cargill, Inc.: 70 PDI Soy Flour and 20 PDI 
Soy Flour. Dawson Food Ingredients: Dawsoy Flour 100/70, 
Dawsoy Flour 200/20, Dawsoy Flour 200/70, and Dawsoy 
Flour 200/88. Farmland Industries: 200L and 200E.

=== PAGE 188 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   188
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Table V–2 enzyme active soy ﬂ ours: ADM Company: 
Nutrisoy 7-B. Cargill, Inc.: 90 PDI Soy Flour.
 Table VI–1 full fat soy ﬂ our made by Ingredients 
Systems, Inc.
 Table VII–1 low fat soy ﬂ our made by Food Ingredients.
 Table VIII–4 refatted soy ﬂ ours made by ADM: 15% 
High Fat, Bakers Nutrisoy, Toasted Nutrisoy T-6, and 
Nutrisoy 220T.
 Table IX–8 lecithinated soy ﬂ ours: ADM Company: 
Soylec C6, Soylec C15, and Soylec T15. Central Soya: 
Soyalose 105W and Soyarich 115W. Cargill, Inc.: 3% 
Relecithinated soy ﬂ our, 6% Relicithinated soy ﬂ our, and 
15% Relecithinated soy ﬂ our.
 Table X–13 brands of soy grits: ADM Company: 
Defatted Soy Grits 8-20, Defatted Soy Grits 20-40, Defatted 
Soy Grits 40-80, and Defatted Soy Grits 80-0. A.E. Staley: 
Bland 50-Medium Grits and Bland 50-Coarse Grits. Lauhoff: 
Soy Grits 5/16, Soy Grits 8/30, and Soy Grits 20/0. Dawson 
Food Ind. [sic, Ingredients]: Dawson Grits 10, Dawson Grits 
20, Dawson Grits 40, and Dawson Grits 60.
 Table XI–3 “soy protein concentrates”: Grif ﬁ th Labs: 
Promax 70. ADM Company: Ardex 700F and Ardex 700G. 
A.R. Staley: Sta-Pro.
 Table XII–16 “soy isolates” (incl. pH, particle size, 
and special properties of each): Ralston Purina: Edipro A, 
Supro HD 90, Protein 220, Supro 350, Supro 610, Supro 
620, Supro 630, Supro 660, and Supro 710. Dawson Food 
Ind.: Isoprime 900, Isoprime 900GL, Isoprime 900G, and 
Isoprime 900L. Grain Processing Corp.: Pro-Fam S-955 and 
Pro-Fam S-970.
 Table XIII–1 type of soy bran: Nutrisoy Fiber, made 
by ADM. Address: American Inst. of Baking, Manhattan, 
Kansas.
583. Boyer, Robert A. 1980. Work with Henry Ford and 
soybeans. II (Interview). Conducted by William Shurtleff of 
Soyfoods Center, Oct. 30. 2 p. transcript.
• Summary: It seems very possible that soyfoods were 
being sold in the Ford stores in 1923–though Boyer has no 
ﬁ rsthand knowledge of this. Dr. Edsel Ruddiman started his 
research on food uses of soybeans in the late 1920s, about 
2 years before Boyer started his work with soybeans. Ford 
converted an old residence into a lab for Ruddiman, his 
boyhood pal.
 Boyer attended the Henry Ford Trade School, located 
at the Rouge Plant, from 1927 to 1929. It was a work-
study program and he spent one month in each of the major 
departments at the plant. Then he went to the Edison Institute 
of Technology Lab. It was both a school and a research lab. 
Boyer was part of the ﬁ rst class of students. The idea was to 
learn by doing. It was a “school for inventors.” Over the door 
was a sign that read “Place for Damn Fool Experiments.” 
Consultants were sometimes brought in to help with research 
projects and answer questions. “In 1930 we started building 
the soybean laboratory.” Boyer knew John Harvey Kellogg, 
but he does not think Henry Ford knew him.
 Boyer uses some meat analogs in his daily diet but he 
is disappointed in the quality so they are not a regular part 
of his diet. Manufacturers have to make compromises in 
equipment and to keep costs down. He can make a much 
better ﬂ avor and texture in the laboratory, but it takes time 
and hand work. One major problem is that all isolates are 
made from defatted soybean meal which already has a strong 
beany ﬂ avor. There is no way to control the off-ﬂ avors that 
far back in the process. Boyer prefers the meat analogs made 
by Worthington to those made by Loma Linda. Boyer uses 
both tofu and Bacon Bits quite a bit in his daily meals.
 Concerning the plastic car: The importance of soy 
decreased as the researchers got farther into the project since 
they could not make soy 100% waterproof no matter how 
much resin they mixed with it. So in the 1941 car body, 
soy was only a very minor component–but the popular 
notion that it was a major component persisted; that was a 
distortion. Soy was, however, a major component in non-
structural car parts. The real importance of the soybean was 
as a renewable resource. When the “plastic car” made its 
debut in 1941, an all-soy luncheon was served.
 When Ford struck the trunk of his car with an axe, he 
used the back/blunt side of the axe, and it was covered with a 
plastic guard to help cushion the blow. Once Walter Chrysler 
hit the body with an ax and fractured it slightly. Boyer drove 
the plastic car. The whole white body of the car was plastic, 
but it contained little soy.
 The idea of using spun soybean ﬁ bers in food occurred 
to Boyer while he was working for Ford in about 1942. He 
left Ford in 1943 and applied for his ﬁ rst spinning patent 
in 1949. It was allowed in 1951. He abandoned this ﬁ rst 
application since everyone realized it was a much broader 
patent. So the 1954 patent application was the best and most 
important one that everyone worked under. “No one can use 
a man-made ﬁ ber in a food without violating that claim.”
 The industry that makes spun soy protein ﬁ bers for 
food use reached a plateau starting in early 1979. He is now 
aware that there are 2 companies in Europe very actively 
spinning soy ﬁ bers and advertising their products. Two are 
Dutch and one is in Belgium. The patents are now public 
property. Dawson Mills bought General Mills’ soy protein 
ﬁ ber spinning equipment. In an article in the Journal of 
Textural Studies Boyer explained why the spinning part of 
the program has now grown as much as expected. “This is 
still a product whose time has not yet arrived. It mushroomed 
when meat prices become 10-20% high than soy. The danger 
is that some of the techniques we’ve developed in the past 
2-3 years for improving texture and ﬂ avor might get lost if 
they are not actively pursued. Worthington is in a state of 
change and Bayer may try to sell it. All the work is secret.” 
Boyer may someday write a book about it, but his eyes are 
very bad now.

=== PAGE 189 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   189
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Boyer felt Ford was a great man, great to work with 
and for. He knew how to judge men and he always picked 
the right men for the job. Ford would drive the 4-5 miles 
up from the Rouge Plant and be in Boyer’s ofﬁ ce by about 
8:00 every morning for years and years. He was always very 
generous money and essentially gave Boyer a blank check 
to pursue any research project he wanted. But he could 
be pretty tough with some guys, especially if they did not 
produce results. Ford was a real thinker, always trying to ﬁ nd 
the basic reasons behind what was going on.
 Worthington bought the patent rights for the health food 
industry. Loma Linda started spinning soy protein ﬁ bers after 
Boyer’s patents expired. He did not known that Loma Linda 
made soy meat analogs; he thought they used only gluten.
 Note: This is the earliest English-language document 
seen (Oct. 2015) that uses the term “spinning soy protein 
ﬁ bers.” Address: 632 Edgewater Dr., Apt. 731, Dunedin, 
Florida 33528. Phone: 813-734-2415.
584. Product Name:  Defatted Soy Flour, and Grits [Full 
Toast, Light Toast, or Untoasted; Mesh Flour, Coarse, 
Medium, or Fine Grits].
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmland Industries Inc., St. 
Joseph Div.
Manufacturer’s Address:  P.O. Box 427, St. Joseph. MO 
64502.
Date of Introduction:  1980.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1980. p. 
51.
585. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Land O’Lakes.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Dawson, Minnesota.
Date of Introduction:  1980.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Dunn, John R. 1981. “Re: 
History of U.S. cooperative soybean processors.” Letter to 
William Shurtleff at Soyfoods Center. 3 p. Land O’Lakes 
started operating a soybean crushing plant in Dawson, 
Minnesota, in 1980.
 Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. Soybeans, Cooperatives and 
Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, Arizona: Heritage Publishers, 
Inc. 178 p. See p. 51-68, 153-172. This plant was previously 
owned by Land O’Lakes. The name Ag Processing Inc 
(AGP) was formally adopted on 7 March 1984.
586. Bell, Richard E. 1980. Soybeans in world trade. In: F.T. 
Corbin, ed. 1980. World Soybean Research Conference II: 
Proceedings. Boulder, Colorado: Westview Press. xv + 897 
p. See p. 763-66.
• Summary: Soybean trade is growing very rapidly. In 
1977-78 the volume of world trade in soybeans and soybean 
products totaled 35.6 million tonnes (metric tons); this was 
up 66% for 5 years earlier. Last year the value of world trade 
in soybeans and products was more than $8.5 billion.
 In 1977-78 world utilization / consumption of soybeans 
was a record 77 million tons; 85% of these soybeans were 
crushed for oil and meal. Only in East Asia are soybeans 
used on a large scale for human food.
 In recent years, the growth in world soybean 
consumption is the result of two trends: (1) Rapid expansion 
in world demand for high protein feed, especially in North 
America, Europe, the Soviet Union, and parts of East Asia; 
and (2) Growth in world demand for edible vegetable oil, 
especially in developing countries. North American and 
Western Europe have shown the largest growth in soybean 
consumption, followed by the Soviet Union and Eastern 
Europe.
 In Brazil, soybean production has increased 13 fold 
during the past 10 years, and nearly 80% of the increase was 
exported as beans, meal or oil, with most of these exports 
headed for Western and Eastern Europe.
 As a result of rising world demand, prices received by 
farmers have risen about 45% in the last 5 years, in real 
currencies–adjusted for inﬂ ation. The higher prices have, of 
course, further encouraged expansion of soybean acreage. 
In the U.S. soybeans have passed both corn and wheat to 
become the top cash crop.
 In Brazil, government policies have actively encouraged 
soybean production while also protecting the country’s 
soybean crushing industry through a combination of 
tax incentives, export subsidies, and export controls on 
raw soybeans. Argentina has also increased its soybean 
production in recent years, but not nearly as much as Brazil.
 Government policies have also encouraged greater 
consumption of soybeans in Western Europe, especially in 
the European Community (EC)–and in the Soviet Union 
and Eastern Europe, by trying to raise living standards by 
increasing meat consumption.
 In Japan, international policies limiting offshore 
ﬁ shing have encouraged more livestock production and 
consequently the demand for soybean meal used as a feed.
 Twenty years ago the European Community made a 
commitment during a world-wide trade negotiation not to 
impose any import duty / charge on soybeans imported into 
EC countries. “This concession is the most important one 
ever granted an agricultural product in international trade 
negotiations and is in large part responsible for the large 
growth in soybean consumption in Western Europe in recent 
years.”
 Japan plans to make a similar concession in the 
world trade negotiations soon to be concluded in Geneva, 
Switzerland. At that time, the world’s two largest soybean 
importers will be committed by treaties to the duty-free entry 
of soybeans.
 An extremely important development in the world 
soybean market was the emergence in 1978-79 of the Soviet 

=== PAGE 190 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   190
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Union as a net importer (estimated at 70,000 metric tons) of 
edible oils and fats for the ﬁ rst time in history. There is no 
indication that this trend will be reversed. Address: Executive 
Vice President, Riceland Foods, Stuttgart, Arkansas 72160.
587. Dannheiser, Frieda J.; Hazelwood, Donald L. eds. 
1980. The history of Henderson County, Kentucky [1888-
1978]. Henderson County, Kentucky: Henderson County 
Genealogical and Historical Society. 847 p. + 48 p. index. 
See p. 265-67, 277, 846. Index. Illust. 27 cm.
• Summary: In Chapter 10, titled “Agriculture,” the section 
on “Agricultural Coops” notes: “The earliest recorded 
cooperative of farmers in Henderson County was the 
Agricultural Wheel, active in the 1880s and 1890s.” Farmers 
met and made estimates of their needs for a year and then 
selected a buyer to go south and buy in quantity for the 
group. In 1912 the ﬁ rst County Agent arrived in Henderson; 
he organized a Crop Improvement Association which was a 
forerunner of the Farm Bureau.
 Contains a brief history of the Ohio Valley Soybean Co-
op, very similar to that in a 1976 publication from Henderson 
Co.
 Photos show: (1) Aerial view of the “Ohio Valley 
Soybean Coop–Henderson” (p. 846). (2) “Southern States 
Cooperative.” “Planting soybeans–Aubrey Cale Hazelwood 
& Joe Hagan.” Address: 1. Editor-in-Chief; 2. Co-editor. 
Both: Members, Henderson County Genealogical and 
Historical Society, Henderson, Kentucky.
588. Dawson Food Ingredients. 1980. Maybe its time to 
rethink your protein position (Ad). Soya Bluebook. p. 52. See 
also ad in 1979 Soya Bluebook, p. 77.
• Summary: “DFI provides a full line of soy-based food 
ingredients: Meat Analogs, Spun Protein Fibrils, Isolated 
Soy Protein, Soy Fiber Concentrate, Textured Soy Flour, De-
fatted Flour, Grits and Flakes.” Address: 7901 Flying Cloud 
Dr., Minneapolis, Minnesota 55344.
589. Food Protein Council. ed. 1980. Government seminar. 
May 21, 1980: Abstracts and remarks. Washington, DC. 43 
p. 28 cm. [65 ref]
• Summary:  See next page. Contents: Introductory remarks, 
by B. Marlo Dirks (Procter & Gamble Co.). Rationale of soy 
products, by Russell Cooper (Ralston Purina Co.). Technical 
and nutritional aspects of soy protein, by Endre Sipos 
(Central Soya Co.). Current regulatory issues involving 
vegetable protein products, by Eugene I. Lambert (Covington 
and Burling, FPC Counsel). Educational effort by FPC, by 
Helen Horton (Miles Laboratories, Inc.).
 Food Protein Council member ﬁ rms: ADM, Cargill, 
Central Soya, Dawson Food Ingredients, General Foods 
Corp., General Mills, Inc., Grain Processing Corp., 
Honeymead Products, Kraft, Inc., Miles Laboratories, Inc., 
Nabisco, Inc., Procter & Gamble Co., Ralston Purina Co., 
A.E. Staley Mfg. Co. Address: 1800 M St., Northwest, 
Washington, DC 20036.
590. Mogush, John J. 1980. Soybean processing industry–
U.S. and foreign. In: F.T. Corbin, ed. 1980. World Soybean 
Research Conference II: Proceedings. Boulder, Colorado: 
Westview Press. xv + 897 p. See p. 889-96. [1 ref]
• Summary: Contents: World oilseed production. Location 
of soybean processing facilities. Size and number of soybean 
processing plants. Technology. Integration. Transportation. 
Government regulation. Future directions in the industry. 
References. Address: Domestic Soybean Crushing Div., 
Cargill, Inc., Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402.
591. Barr, G. 1981. Soybean meal in calf milk replacers. J. 
of the American Oil Chemists’ Society 58(3):313-20. March. 
[58 ref]
• Summary: A major review of the literature on this subject. 
Address: Land O’Lakes, Fort Dodge, Iowa.
592. Hagg, D.D. 1981. Labeling and compliance assurance 
of soya protein foods. J. of the American Oil Chemists’ 
Society 58(3):473-74. March.
• Summary: “The National School Lunch Act of 1946 
empowered the Secretary of Agriculture to set nutritional 
standards.” Discusses the compositional requirements of 
textured vegetable protein, hydration of soya protein, ﬂ avor 
characteristics of the extended beef product. The only soy 
product approved for use as a ground beef extender to date is 
soy protein concentrate. Address: Dawson Food Ingredients, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota.
593. Woerfel, J.B. 1981. Processing and utilization of 
by-products from soy oil processing [soapstock, lecithin, 
deodorizer distillate]. J. of the American Oil Chemists’ 
Society 58(3):188-91. March. [10 ref]
• Summary: Contents: Soapstock. Lecithin. Deodorizer 
distillate. Deodorizer distillate recovery system. Address: 
Gold Kist, Marks, Missouri.
594. Worthy, Ford S. 1981. The 500: The Fortune directory 
of the largest industrial corporations. Fortune 103(9):322-47. 
May 4.
• Summary: Companies are ranked by sales. Soy-related 
companies include: Ralston Purina (St. Louis, Missouri) 
is No. 72 with $4,886 million in sales. Land O’Lakes 
(Minneapolis, Minnesota) is No. 109 with $3,304 million. 
Archer-Daniels-Midland (Decatur, Illinois) is No. 139 with 
$2,802 million. Central Soya (Fort Wayne, Indiana) is No. 
207 with $1,744 million. And A.E. Staley Mfg Co. (Decatur, 
Illinois) is No. 218 with $1,656 million in sales.
 Note: Cargill is not listed because it is privately owned. 
In 1981 Cargill’s sales were about $12,000 million a year. 
Exxon was No. 1 on the Fortune 500 with $103,142 million 

=== PAGE 191 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   191
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021


=== PAGE 192 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   192
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
in sales. Mobil was No. 2 and General Motors was No. 3.
595. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1981. Closing of soy 
isolate plant heavy blow to community: Eighty-four Land 
O’Lakes employees affected by closing of plant last Friday. 
96(40):1. May 7.
• Summary: On 1 May 1981, Friday, Ralph Hofstad, 
president of Land O’Lakes Inc., ofﬁ cially announced 
the closing of the soy isolate plant located near Dawson. 
Made at an open meeting in the Dawson City Building, the 
announcement was “received in the Dawson community with 
heaviness of heart.” Following personal remarks of empathy 
and regret, he read a printed news release which began: 
“Operation of Land O’Lakes, Inc. soy food processing plant 
east of Dawson has been suspended for an indeﬁ nite period, 
beginning May 1, 1981.” The facility of 100,000 square 
feet was built by Dawson Mills in the late 1970s to make 
“soy isolate and soy analog food products.” The closure was 
necessary because the volume of sales anticipated originally 
has not developed. “Land O’Lakes plans to continue to sell 
soy isolate and [meat] analog food products.
 Note: This is the earliest English-language document 
seen (Nov. 2014) that uses the term “soy analog” (or “soy 
analogs”) to refer to soy-based meat analogs.
 “Extensive efforts are being made to help the 84 
affected employees ﬁ nd jobs elsewhere within the regional 
cooperative or with other employers, Hofstad said. The 
primary soy processing and Flour Mill activities of the Land 
O’Lakes Soy Group at Dawson will not be affected.”
 Note: Two months later (July 1981), the isolate plant 
building was sold to AMPI (Associated Milk Producers Inc., 
a cooperative formed in 1969) for cheese manufacturing. As 
of 2002 AMPI was still operating the plant, which employed 
155 people and specialized in cheese processing and drying, 
milk receiving, and aseptic packaging. AMPI’s mission 
is: “To maximize the return on milk marketed and equity 
invested, while: 1. Keeping ownership in the hands of current 
members. 2. Building a viable market for future members. 3. 
Representing midwest dairy producers in the development of 
dairy policy.”
596. Andres, Cal. 1981. The versatile soybean: Supplies 
two necessary food components–protein and fats–plus wide 
range of functional attributes. Food Processing (Chicago) 
42(5):142-44, 146, 150, 152, 154, 156, 158, 163. May.
• Summary: This article is in the section titled “Ingredients 
handbook.” Contents: Introduction. Protein: Soy ﬂ our 
and grits (50-52% protein), soy protein concentrate (70% 
protein), and isolated soy protein (90% protein or more), 
extremely versatile, extruded products, spun soy protein 
made from isolated soy protein, functional beneﬁ ts of using 
soy protein, analogs–products resembling conventional foods 
in appearance, color, ﬂ avor and texture (such as breakfast 
strips {bacon}, whipped toppings, and imitation cheese), 
soy protein makes excellent use of farmlands potential to 
produce protein, Gallup poll shows 71% of Americans view 
soy protein favorably, different types of soy ﬂ our.
 Soy protein suppliers (tells what kinds of products 
are sold by each company): ADM Foods (Archer Daniels 
Midland), Cargill Protein Products Dept., Central Soya Co., 
Dairyland Products, Dawson Food Ingredients (Subsidiary 
of Dawson Mills), Farmland Agriservices, Inc. (formerly 
known as Far-Mar-Co., Inc.), Food Ingredients, Inc. (the 
U.S. “sales representative of a full-fat soy-protein ﬂ our 
produced in Germany), Grifﬁ th Laboratories, Kraft Foods 
(isolates), Lauhoff Grain Co. (soy ﬂ ours and textured soy 
ﬂ our), Ralston Purina (regular isolates, “blends of isolated 
soy proteins plus other ingredients such as dairy products.” 
“Structured isolated soy proteins are available as a ﬁ ber and 
as a granular product. The ﬁ ber is the frozen, hydrated form 
and is retort-stable with no degradation of ﬁ ber. Texture is 
similar to that of muscle ﬁ ber”), A.E. Staley Manufacturing 
Co. (The Protein People; soy ﬂ ours and textured soy ﬂ ours, 
soy protein concentrates, whipping proteins, hydrolyzed 
vegetable proteins), Food Protein Council (Washington, DC; 
has two brochures).
 Soybean oil. Suppliers: Capital City Products Co. (Div. 
of Stokley Van Camp, Inc.), Durkee Foods (Div. of SCM 
Corp.), Humco Products (Div. of Kraft, Inc.), A.E. Staley.
 Lecithin. Lecithin suppliers: Ross and Rowe, Inc. (Div. 
of ADM; regular and granulated lecithin), Central Soya, A.E. 
Staley. On the last page is given the full name and address of 
each supplier mentioned in the article.
 Photos in the article show the cover of the following 
brochures, each available from one supplier: (1) ADM 
Foods: “Look where soybeans go.” (2) Central Soya 
Co.: “Soy ﬂ ours & soy grits.” (3) Food Protein Council: 
“Vegetable protein: Products and the future.” (4) Kraft: “The 
new soy on the block.” (5) Ralston Purina: “Purina proteins: 
Product information.”(6) A.E. Staley: “The protein people.” 
(7) Food Protein Council: “Soy protein: Improving our food 
system.” (8) ADM: “Food oils.” (9) Capital City Products: 
“A complete line...” (9) Staley: “Reﬁ ned oils.” (10) Ross 
& Rowe, Inc.: “Soybean lecithin: Yelkin T,...” (11) Central 
Soya Co.: “Lecithin from Central Soya naturally.” (12) 
Ralston Purina Co.: “Nutritional aspects of Ralston Purina 
isolated soy protein.” Address: Senior Associate Editor.
597. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1981. AMPI announced 
purchase of Land O’Lakes isolate plant. 96(52):1. July 30.
• Summary: Land O’Lakes, Inc. of Arden Hills, Minnesota, 
and the Associated Milk Producers, Inc. (AMPI) of New 
Ulm, both farmer cooperatives, announced jointly the sale 
of Land O’Lakes’ soy isolate plant to AMPI. Ralph Hofstad, 
President of Land O’Lakes, and Don Gregg, Manager of the 
North Central Region of AMPI, said that sale of the facility 
to AMPI will enable it to be put to constructive use for 
farmers and offer additional employment in the Dawson area.

=== PAGE 193 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   193
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 AMPI plants at Clark ﬁ eld and Paynesville will become 
part of the new AMPI facility near Dawson. Dawson is 
considering issuing Industrial Revenue Bonds, which will 
enable AMPI to secure ﬁ nancing at lower interest rates.
 Note: AMPI was formed in 1969 as a cooperative. As 
of 2002 AMPI was still operating the Dawson plant, which 
employed 155 people and specialized in cheese processing 
and drying, milk receiving, and aseptic packaging. AMPI’s 
mission is: “To maximize the return on milk marketed and 
equity invested, while: 1. Keeping ownership in the hands 
of current members. 2. Building a viable market for future 
members. 3. Representing midwest dairy producers in the 
development of dairy policy.”
598. Dutton, Herbert J. 1981. History of cooperative soybean 
oil mills in the United States (Interview). Conducted by 
William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center, Aug. 1. 2 p. transcript.
• Summary: Dr. Dutton, who started to work for the NRRC 
in 1945, guesses that the number of soybean oil mills peaked 
in the early 1950s. Another trend complicated this; farmer 
cooperatives / co-ops set up their own mills so that the 
farmers could have a source of soybean meal [during World 
War II]; they sold the unreﬁ ned oil on the open market. In 
1945 the government started sponsoring their meetings once 
a year–and it still does.
 One thing that hurt the co-ops in the early days, and 
drove some out of business, was the use of trichloroethylene 
as a solvent; it was soon found to be toxic because of amino 
acids it contained. Leonard L. McKinney described the toxic 
factor in about 1957. NRRC is required to discard most of its 
ﬁ les after a certain number of years, so much of the original 
correspondence has probably been lost.
 Yet trichloroethylene was very inexpensive and 
reduced the cost of starting a soybean oil mill. Its use was 
discontinued in about 1945-50. Address: Cable, Wisconsin. 
Phone: 715-798-2330.
599. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1981. City manager 
explains public hearing purposes: Issuance of $4,500,000 
in General Revenue Bonds and $1,250,000 grant to be 
discussed. 97(2):1. Aug. 13.
• Summary: In recent weeks, both Land O’Lakes and 
American Milk Producers, Inc. (AMPI) have stated that there 
is an agreement concerning the purchase of the now-closed 
soy isolate plant by AMPI [Associated Milk Products, Inc.]. 
Through its bond consultants, Allison-Williams, a banking-
investment ﬁ rm, AMPI has approached the Dawson City 
Council to request the city’s assistance in obtaining funding 
for the purchase.
 The ﬁ rst method by which the city may help is in 
allowing, under its authority, the issuance of Industrial 
Revenue Bonds. The city does not incur the liabilities 
normally associated with municipal bonds.
 Second, the city is preparing to ask the federal 
Department of Housing and Urban Development for a $1.25 
million Urban Development Action Grant. John J. Frohrip, 
Dawson City Manager, hopes as many people as possible 
will attend the public hearing on Aug. 18.
600. Hooten, Dan. 1981. Dawson Mills’ protein analog 
plant. Protein prices. Isolate markets. Functional properties 
desired by industry (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. Aug. 17. 
Conducted by Walter J. Wolf of NRRC, Peoria, Illinois.
• Summary: Dawson Mills invested $11 million in their 
protein analog plant. It was intended to have a capacity of 
9.5 million lb/year but was actually capable of producing 
only about 400,000 lb/month or 4.8 million lb/year.
 Soy protein prices (per lb): Flours and grits: $0.14. 
Concentrates: $0.31-33. Isolates: $1.02–from Ralston Purina 
and Grain Processing Corp. $0.90–from ADM. Note that 
ADM is working off inventory that they have accumulated 
since start-up. A number of Central Soya’s former isolate 
customers have gone to other suppliers.
 Isolate markets: (1) Health foods. (2) Infant formulas–
Some doctors go to soy formulas directly to avoid potential 
allergy problems with cow’s milk. (3) Milk products. 
(4) Meat emulsions–In Europe fat, water and isolate are 
emulsiﬁ ed and then frozen. This emulsion is later mixed 
with meat in the preparation of products that are “stuffed into 
casings or cans.”
 Japan is still a net importer (2-3 million lb/yr) of 
isolates.
 Functional properties desired by industry: (1) Film 
forming ability–with strength. (2) Casein-like properties (the 
imitation cheese market is now about 150 million lb–uses 
40 million lb of casein). Casein sells for $1.35-$1.40/lb. 
Address: Dawson Food Ingredients.
601. Miller, Dwight L. 1981. A chapter in the history of soy 
ﬁ ber meat analogs. Northern Regional Research Center: 
Notes from the Director No. 1473. p. 3. Aug. 21.
• Summary: “The concept of spinning soy protein isolates 
into ﬁ bers and then converting them into meat analogs has 
been around since at least 1954 when Robert A. Boyer ﬁ rst 
patented the idea. Subsequently, several companies licensed 
the process, and in the 1960’s General Mills introduced 
a series of meat analogs made by the spinning operation. 
After opening a plant in 1970, General Mills closed down 
operations in 1976. The equipment and process were sold 
to Dawson Mills” and Dawson built a new plant (just east 
of Dawson, Minnesota) “to produce soy isolates plus meat 
analogs from spun isolate. Early this week, Daniel E. Hooten 
(President, Dawson Food Ingredients) was here for an 
update on our soy protein research and to discuss functional 
properties of various soy protein fractions with Walter J. 
Wolf and A.C. Eldridge (OC [Oilseed Crops Lab]). We 
learned that Dawson’s parent company, Land O’Lakes, Inc. 
has recently sold the soy isolate and protein spinning plant 

=== PAGE 194 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   194
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
to American [sic, Associated] Milk Products, Inc. [AMPI in 
Texas], a Houston-based milk cooperative. They apparently 
plan to use the plant to process milk products. Dawson’s 
withdrawal leaves Miles Laboratories [Worthington Foods] 
as the only company that currently manufactures meat 
analogs from spun soy protein ﬁ bers.” Address: Acting 
Center Director.
602. Dunn, John R. 1981. U.S. cooperative soybean 
processors (Interview). Conducted by William Shurtleff of 
Soyfoods Center, Sept. 15. 1 p. typescript. [1 ref]
• Summary: It is now generally agreed that ADM has passed 
Cargill as America’s leading soybean crusher–but both 
companies have about the same crushing capacity. According 
to his best information, America’s top 12 soybean crushers 
are (as of Oct. 1979): 1. ADM. 2. Cargill. 3. A.E. Staley. 
4. Central Soya. 5. Bunge. 6. Ralston Purina. 7. Gold Kist. 
8. Farmland Industries. 9. Continental Grain. 10. Riceland 
Foods. 11. Quincy Soybean. 12. Land O’Lakes. Other 
leading cooperative crushers, in descending order of size, 
are Honeymead Products, Agri Industries, Boone Valley 
Processing & Marketing Assoc., and Missouri Farmers 
Association. All of these companies use solvent extractors.
 The top 4 ﬁ rms own and operate 54.5% of the 
processing capacity. The next 4 control 20.6%, for an 8-ﬁ rm 
total of 75.1%. The next 4 control 11.2%, for a 12 ﬁ rm total 
of 86.3%. Bunge, which is based in Argentina, has moved up 
on the list through some recent acquisitions, including a plant 
in Mississippi in July from Gold Kist.
 Concerning cooperatives, each regional co-op is taken 
as a unit. They operate completely independently of each 
other. So it is not accurate to think of the co-ops as a whole–
although they do have some areas of cooperation with one 
another, e.g. export sales efforts and domestic processed 
product sales. The operate independently on procurement 
and processing. The total amount of soybeans crushed by the 
cooperatives is probably less than that crushed by ADM or 
Cargill. Address: USDA Agricultural Cooperative Service 
(ACS), Washington, DC 20250. Phone: 202-475-4929.
603. Rypkema, Dick. 1981. AGRI Industries, Inc. and other 
soy-related cooperatives (Interview). Conducted by William 
Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center, Sept. 15. 1 p. transcript.
• Summary: The formal name of AGRI Industries, Inc. is 
American Grain and Related Industries, Inc. Headquartered 
in Des Moines, Iowa, it is the successor of the old Iowa 
Farmers Grain Dealers Assoc. A regional cooperative, it 
is owned by about 340 members, which are cooperative 
elevators, which are in turn owned by farmers. They have 
two processing plants. Other regional cooperatives with 
soybean crushing plants include: Farmland Industries (3 
plants), Land O’Lakes (3 plants), MFA (Missouri Farmers 
Assoc.), Honeymead Products {Mankato, Minnesota}, and 
Gold Kist {Atlanta, Georgia}.
 There are now a total of about 15 cooperative soybean 
crushing plants. The co-op share of the soybean crushing 
market has been steady for the past 3-4 years; before that 
it was increasing. Output is still expanding, but so is that 
of non-co-op crushers. For more details and historical 
information, contact Stan Thurston (Phone: 202-447-
8939) or John Dunn (202-447-8253) at the Agricultural 
Cooperative Service of the USDA. One section of this 
Service deals speciﬁ cally with cooperative processors; see 
the Cooperative Marketing and Purchasing Division. Also 
contact NSPA (National Soybean Processors Association)–
since most regional co-op processors are members of NSPA. 
Address: Agri Industries, Des Moines, Iowa.
604. Strayer, George M. 1981. Cooperative soybean 
processing in America (Interview). Conducted by William 
Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center, Sept. 15. 1 p. transcript.
• Summary: The “co-ops” ﬁ rst started crushing soybeans 
during World War II, and by the end of the war there were 
about 40-50 crushing plants in operation. Soybean crushing 
plants were set up by already established cooperative grain 
elevators. There were about ten in Iowa, in places like 
Dyke, Sac City, and Manley. Originally, most of the plants 
were small expeller plants, then they evolved to small 
solvent plants, then to larger solvent plants. Now they are 
comparable to the large commercial soybean crushing plants.
 The next stage was when some of the plants joined to 
form sales organizations to represent them. There were two 
major sales organizations; one was Soy-Cot Sales (located 
in the Chicago Board of Trade Building). The Iowa Farmers 
Grain Dealers Association was an organization of local 
cooperative elevators that went into processing; they bought 
plants, gradually expanding to larger plants. They were 
principally interested in the soybean meal since most of the 
co-op elevators were feed mixers. They sold the unreﬁ ned oil 
to reﬁ ners.
 The Farmers’ Export Corporation, which started after 
World War II, was made up of 10 or 12 of these Midwest 
regional cooperatives. They handled grain, but also exported 
soybeans, soybean meal and soy oil. Soy-Cot Sales Corp. 
also started at about the same time to do export sales. For 
more details and historical information, contact John Dunn 
at the Agricultural Cooperative Service of the USDA. 
Also try Maurice Van Norstrand (Phone: 515-223-3700 or 
515-223-3801) at the Illinois Agricultural Association, and 
Dick Rypkema at Agri Industries in Des Moines. Address: 
Hudson, Iowa.
605. Shurtleff, William; Aoyagi, Akiko. 1981. History of 
cooperative soybean processors. Soyfoods Center, P.O. Box 
234, Lafayette, CA 94549. 4 p. Sept. Unpublished typescript. 
Available online at www.soyinfocenter.com.
• Summary: www.soyinfocenter.com/HSS/coop_soybean_
crushers.php

=== PAGE 195 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   195
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 A comprehensive history of the subject. Contents: 
Introduction: Started 1940, Shearson Hayden 1977 report, 19 
plants and 20.7% of industrial capacity in 1980. Background 
and 1940’s: brief history of farmers’ co-ops, ﬁ rst co-op 
soybean mill in Kentucky (1940), number of mills by 1945, 
reason for starting mills, types and capacities of mills, 
organization (4 types), Iowa co-op example, buy from 
farmers, sell meal back, sell oil outside. 1950’s and 1960’s: 
expansion of number and solvent types, Soy-Cot Sales 
established 1963, Farmers’ Export Corporation. 1970’s and 
1980’s: Growth in capacity and number of mills, Intrade, 
power of farm crops in 1980’s, rank of co-ops in top 20 
processors, co-ops owning multiple plants, brand name co-op 
products, link with USDA Agricultural Cooperative Service. 
Address: Lafayette, California. Phone: 415-283-2991.
606. Boyer, Robert A. 1981. Development of meatlike 
products based on spun soy protein ﬁ bers. Part II (Interview). 
SoyaScan Notes. Oct. 11. Conducted by William Shurtleff of 
Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Now somewhat desperate, Boyer decided to 
try a meat company anyway. He went to Swift & Co. in 
Chicago, Illinois, in 1950 and they immediately liked these 
ideas and bought exclusive rights to the patent from 1950-
1954 (in 1955 they converted to nonexclusive). In 1950, the 
war scarcity psychology still prevailed. American consumers 
and food produces had watched in astonishment during the 
war as meats became so scarce and expensive that only a 
few could afford them. Thus it was easy to sell the notion 
that even after the war, as world population continued to 
rise, plant proteins would play an increasingly important 
role in diets throughout the world. Boyer worked with Swift 
for ﬁ ve years, but in considerable secrecy. Swift told him 
that if their Livestock Relations Department found out that 
Swift was doing research on meat analogs, “all hell would 
break loose.” Eventually Swift made and test marketed 
new soy protein products. However in 1952-53 livestock 
producers in America were in such bad shape economically 
that they marched on Washington, DC, demanding a better 
price for their products. Swift, fearing the possibility that 
the media might get word of their new project and come out 
with headlines reading “Swift Making Synthetic Meats from 
Soy Protein,” decided to shut down the project. None of the 
products was ever marketed commercially.
 In 1951-52 Unilever bought a license from Boyer for 
spun protein isolate production throughout the rest of the 
world. Boyer went to England and worked with Unilever 
in their peanut protein isolate plant and research labs near 
Liverpool. Here, for the ﬁ rst time, his process was used in 
the making of sausages containing ﬁ bers of peanut protein 
isolate.
 In 1956 Boyer returned to America and went 
immediately to Worthington, who had now been thinking 
about taking a license on Boyer’s spinning patent for seven 
years. The ﬁ rst food-grade soy protein isolates were just 
becoming available, so the company bought the patent rights 
for the health food industry and asked Boyer to work with 
them as a consultant. Worthington eventually did more with 
Boyer’s discovery than any company in America.
 After Worthington purchased Boyer’s license (for the 
health food trade), other large food companies followed suit: 
Ralston Purina, General Mills, and Nabisco. General Foods 
developed their own related process. In 1962 Boyer joined 
the research staff of Ralston Purina as a Protein Scientist; he 
worked there until his retirement in 1971, at which time he 
became a Protein Consultant for Miles/Worthington.
 After General Mills took a license on Boyer’s product, 
they built a commercial-sized ﬁ ber spinning plant at Cedar 
Rapids, Iowa, and developed their Bontrae line which 
featured Bac-O’s, a spun ﬁ ber analog resembling cooked 
bacon bits and launched in 1965. The venture was impressive 
in scope and the product was a real sensation, the biggest 
thing that had happened to Boyer’s idea to date. (The product 
is now made with extruded soy ﬂ our.) The whole venture 
had a profound effect on the thinking of other large food 
producing companies concerning soy protein foods. Boyer 
was now spending 50% of his time with Worthington and 
25% each with General Mills and Ralston.
 Boyer’s years of research eventually began to pay off 
in terms of handsome royalties from his patents, of which 
he now had more than thirty, some shared with Ford. These 
lasted until the patent expired in 1971. Now any company 
can use the protein spinning process without having to buy 
a license or pay fees. In 1981 the main American companies 
using spun protein ﬁ bers in foods were Worthington 
Foods, Dawson Mills in Minnesota (which bought General 
Mills’ equipment), Loma Linda Foods in California, and 
Ralston Purina. In Europe there are two companies in the 
Netherlands, one in Denmark (Nutana), and one in Belgium 
using food-grade spun protein ﬁ bers. In Japan, Nisshin Oil 
Mills Ltd. built the ﬁ rst plant to spin edible soy protein ﬁ bers 
in 1968. In 1976 Fuji Purina Protein Ltd., a subsidiary of Fuji 
Oil Co. and Ralston Purina, introduced Fujipur SP-90 spun 
soy protein ﬁ bers.
 Most manufacturers of meat analogs in the U.S. agree 
that the general market has been disappointing, but that the 
idea is simply ahead of its time, which will inevitably come 
as meat prices continue their rapid rise. The vegetarian 
or “motivated” market (and especially the Seventh-day 
Adventist sector) showed a steady increase each year. No 
sales ﬁ gures are available on the total market size.
 When asked in 1980 how he liked the newest 
generation of meat analogs, Boyer replied that he found 
the quality disappointing, since the producers have to make 
compromises in equipment and processing to keep costs 
down. A researcher can get much better textures and ﬂ avors 
in his lab working by hand. Another problem is the subtle 
beany ﬂ avors that result from isolates and from typical 

=== PAGE 196 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   196
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
defatted soy meal rather than specially defatted soy meal 
that can be made to contain almost no beany ﬂ avor. Boyer 
eats store-bought meat analogs (including bacon bits) from 
time to time but not as a regular part of his diet. He prefers 
Worthington products to Loma Linda. He likes meat, too, 
and also uses tofu quite a bit.
 How about the future? Harkening back to the years of 
his work with Ford, Boyer said in 1981, “We’re at the Model 
T stage right now with analogs. I’m impatient to get to the 
Lincoln Continental stage.” He feels that the products still 
have a very bright future, and that when the price of meats 
rises to 10 or 20% above those of the analogs, sales will start 
a period of steady growth. Address: 632 Edgewater Dr., Apt. 
731, Dunedin, Florida 33528. Phone: 813-734-2415.
607. Marking, Syl. 1981. Private varieties line up for review. 
Soybean Digest. Sept/Oct. p. 6N-7N.
• Summary: This is the 1st of a two-part series on new 
varieties. Listings are limited to companies with an in-house 
breeding program and to varieties ﬁ rst available to growers 
in 1982. The companies are listed alphabetically:
 Asgrow Seed Co.–A1937. Callahan Seeds–Callahan 
1250. Dairyland Seed Company, Inc.–DSR 120, DSR 
227, DSR 320. FFR Cooperative–FFR 448. Funk Seeds 
International–G 3236, G 3340, G3250. Jacques Seed 
Company–J112. Land O’Lakes–L4404. North American 
Plant Breeders–AP-230 Northrop King Company–S2596. 
Pﬁ zer Genetics–CX-321. Pioneer Hi-Bred International–
Peterson Variety 3481. Soybean Research Foundation–SRF-
101. V oris Seeds–V oris 257. V .R. Seeds, Inc.–VR3393.
608. National Soybean Processors Association. 1981. 
Yearbook and trading rules 1981-1982. Washington, DC: 
National Soybean Processors Association. ii + 106 + A1-12. 
23 cm. Spiral bound.
• Summary: On the cover (but not the title page) is written: 
Effective October 1, 1981. Issued annually to all members 
of the association. Contents: Constitution and by-laws. 
Ofﬁ cers and directors. Executive ofﬁ ce. Members. Associate 
members. Standing committees. Trading rules on soybean 
meal (ﬁ rst adopted 18 Oct. 1933). Sales contract. Appendix 
to trading rules on soybean meal: Ofﬁ cial methods of 
analysis (moisture, protein, crude ﬁ ber, oil {only method 
numbers listed}), sampling of soybean meal {at origin} 
(automatic mechanic sampler, pneumatic probe sampler, 
probe sampler), sampling of soybean meal (at barge loading 
transfer facilities), ofﬁ cial weighmaster application, semi-
annual scale report, manufacturers’ certiﬁ cation–Installation 
of automatic sampler (at barge loading transfer facility), 
semi-automatic sampler certiﬁ cation (at barge loading 
transfer facility), ofﬁ cial referee chemists (meal). Soybean 
meal export trading rules: Minimum blending procedures 
for export meal blended at ports, sampling of soybean meal 
(at vessel loading facilities), manufacturers certiﬁ cation–
Installation of automatic sampler (at vessel loading facility), 
semi-automatic sampler certiﬁ cation (at vessel loading 
facility). Trading rules on soybean oil (ﬁ rst adopted 21 May 
1930). Sales contract. Deﬁ nitions of grade and quality of 
export oils. Soybean lecithin speciﬁ cations. Appendix to 
trading rules on soybean oil: Inspection, grading soybean 
oil for color (NSPA tentative method), methods of analysis 
(A.O.C.S. ofﬁ cial methods): Soybean oil, crude; soybean oil, 
reﬁ ned; soybean oil, reﬁ ned and bleached; soybean oil for 
technical uses; soap stock, acidulated soap stock and tank 
bottoms (only method numbers listed), ofﬁ cial weighmaster 
application, semi-annual scale report, ofﬁ cial referee 
chemists (oil). Soybean oil export trading rules. Uniform 
soybean oil export contract. Foreign trade deﬁ nitions.
 The page titled National Soybean Processors Association 
(p. ii) states: “During the past crop year about 1,000,000,000 
bushels of soybeans moved through processing plants of 
NSPA’s 24 member ﬁ rms. Approximately 50 percent of 
America’s 1.8 billion-bushel soybean crop was bought and 
processed by NSPA members. Exporters account for another 
36 percent of the crop, and the remainder [14%] is returned 
to farms for seed, feed, and residuals.” Also discusses 
industry programs, soybean research, and international 
market development.”


=== PAGE 197 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   197
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 The section on of ﬁ cers, executive committee, and board 
of directors (p. 7-8) gives the name, company afﬁ liation, and 
phone number of each person. Ofﬁ cers–Chairman: Gaylord 
O Coan, Gold Kist, Inc. Vice Chairman: Edward J. Cordes, 
Ralston Purina Co., President: Sheldon J. Hauck. Secretary: 
Donald H. Levinworth, Cargill, Inc. Treasurer: Lowell 
K. Rasmussen, Honeymead Products Co. Immediate past 
chairman: C. Lockwood Marine, Central Soya Co., Inc.
 Executive committee: Richard G. Rypkema (‘83), Agri 
Industries. Charles Bayless (‘83), Archer Daniels Midland 
Co. David C. Thompson (‘82), Bunge Corporation. Harold 
H. Leavenworth, Cargill, Inc. C. Lockwood Marine, Central 
Soya Co., Inc. Gaylord O. Coan, Gold Kist, Inc. Lowell K. 
Rasmussen, Honeymead Products Co. Kermit F. Head (‘82), 
Missouri Farmers Assn.–Grain Div. Sewell L. Spedden (‘82), 
Perdue, Incorporated. Edward J. Cordes, Ralston Purina Co.
 Board of directors (alphabetically by company; each 
member company has one representative on the board): 
Richard G. Rypkema, Agri Industries. Thomas H. Wolfe, 
Anderson, Clayton & Co. Charles Bayless, Archer Daniels 
Midland Co. Keith V oigt, Boone Valley Coop. Proc. 
Assn. David C. Thompson, Bunge Corporation. Harold H. 
Leavenworth, Cargill, Inc. C. Lockwood Marine, Central 
Soya Co., Inc. Ronald L. Anderson, Continental Grain Co. 
Donald M. Chartier, Farmland Industries, Inc. Gaylord O. 
Coan, Gold Kist, Inc. Lowell K. Rasmussen, Honeymead 
Products Co. Kenneth J. McQueen, Land O’Lakes, Inc. 
Kermit F. Head, Missouri Farmers Assn.–Grain Div. Robert 
E. Hicks, Owensboro Grain Co., Inc. Sewell L. Spedden, 
Perdue, Incorporated. Wilton L. Adcock, Planters Oil Mill, 
Inc. Thomas L. Shade, Quincy Soybean Co. Edward J. 
Cordes, Ralston Purina Co. William P. Hudson, Riceland 
Foods, Inc. J.D. Morton, Sherman Oil Mill. Styles M. 
Harper, Southern Soya Corp. Kenneth A. Robinson, A.E. 
Staley Mfg. Corp. Preston C. Townsend, Townsends, Inc. 
Tyler Terrett, West Tennessee Soya Mill, Inc.
 Executive of ﬁ ce, Washington, DC: Executive Director, 
Sheldon J. Hauck. Director, Public Affairs: Murray C. 
Keene. Director, Regulatory Affairs: Rhond R. Roth. 
Administrative Asst.: Alicia B. Rickman. National Soybean 
Crop Improvement Council: Robert W. Judd, Managing 
Director. General counsel: Elroy H. Wolff, Sidley & Austin. 
Special counsel: Julian B. Heron, Jr., Heron, Haggart, Ford, 
Burchette & Ruckert.
 Members (listed alphabetically by company; within 
each company, ﬁ rst the name of the ofﬁ cial Association 
representative {who is on the Board}, followed by the 
other personal members listed alphabetically by surname. 
For example, Archer Daniels Midland Co., the company 
with the most personal members, has 23. After the name 
of each personal member is given with his address and 
phone number. In the listing below, the number of personal 
members is shown in parentheses after the name of 
each company, followed by city and state of the various 
locations): Agri Industries–Soybean processing division (2); 
Des Moines, Iowa. Anderson, Clayton & Co. (4): Phoenix, 
Arizona, Jackson, Mississippi, Houston, Texas. Archer 
Daniels Midland Co. (23); Archer Daniels Midland Co. (26); 
Little Rock, Arkansas; Augusta, Georgia; Decatur, Illinois; 
Galesburg, Illinois; Granite City, Illinois; Fredonia, Kansas; 
Mankato, Minnesota; Red Wing, Minnesota; Kansas City, 
Missouri; Clarksdale, Mississippi; Fremont, Nebraska; 
Lincoln, Nebraska; Kershaw, South Carolina; Memphis, 
Tennessee. Boone Valley Coop. Processing Assn. (3); 
Eagle Grove, Iowa. Bunge Corporation (9); Cairo, Illinois; 
Danville, Illinois; Logansport, Indiana; Emporia, Kansas; 
Marks, Mississippi; New York City, New York. Cargill, Inc. 
(20); Osceola, Arkansas; Gainesville, Georgia; Cedar Rapids, 
Iowa; Des Moines, Iowa; Sioux City, Iowa; Washington, 
Iowa; Chicago, Illinois; Wichita, Kansas; Burnsville, 
Minnesota; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Fayetteville, North 
Carolina; Sidney, Ohio; Memphis, Tennessee; Chesapeake, 
Virginia. Central Soya Co., Inc. (11); Gibson City, Illinois; 
Decatur, Indiana; Fort Wayne, Indiana; Indianapolis, 
Indiana; Belmond, Iowa; Bellevue, Ohio; Marion, Ohio; 
Delphos, Ohio; Chattanooga, Tennessee. Continental 
Grain Co. (11); Guntersville, Alabama; Chicago, Illinois; 
Taylorville, Illinois; New York City, New York; Cameron, 
South Carolina. Farmland Industries / Far Mar Co (4); 
Van Buren, Arkansas; Sergeant Bluff, Iowa; Hutchinson, 
Kansas; St. Joseph, Missouri. Gold Kist Inc. (6); Decatur, 
Alabama; Atlanta, Georgia; Valdosta, Georgia. Honeymead 
Products Co. (3); Mankato, Minnesota. Land O’Lakes, 
Inc. (5); Fort Dodge, Iowa; Sheldon, Iowa; Dawson, 
Minnesota; Minneapolis, Minnesota. Missouri Farmers 
Assn.–Grain Div. (6); Mexico, Missouri. Owensboro Grain 
Co., Inc. (2); Owensboro, Kentucky. Perdue Incorporated 
(2); Salisbury, Maryland. Planters Oil Mill, Inc. (2); Rocky 
Mount, North Carolina. Quincy Soybean Co. (4); Quincy, 
Illinois. Ralston Purina Co. (8); Bloomington, Illinois; 
Lafayette, Indiana; Iowa Falls, Iowa; Louisville, Kentucky; 
Kansas City, Missouri; St. Louis, Missouri; Raleigh, North 
Carolina; Memphis, Tennessee. Riceland Foods, Inc. (9); 
Helena, Arkansas; Stuttgart, Arkansas. Sherman Oil Mill 
(1); Fort Worth, Texas. Southern Soya Corp. (1); Estill, 
South Carolina. A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co. (7); Decatur, 
Illinois. Townsend’s Inc. (2); Millsboro, Delaware. West 
Tennessee Soya Mill, Inc. (1); Tiptonville, Tennessee.
 Associate Members: ACLI Soya Co, White Plains, 
New York. Anderson Clayton Foods, Dallas, Texas. Balfour 
MacClaine International, Ltd., New York City, New York. 
Best Foods, a Unit of CPC International Inc., Englewood 
Cliffs, New Jersey. Canadian Vegetable Oil Processing–
Div. of Canada Packers Inc., Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Cobec Brazilian Trading & Warehousing Corp. of the U.S., 
New York City. Delta Cotton Oil & Fertilizer Co., Jackson, 
Mississippi. Durkee Foods, Div. of SCM Corporation, 
Chicago, Illinois (Millark M. Evak). Hunt-Wesson Foods, 

=== PAGE 198 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   198
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Inc., Fullerton, California. Kraft, Inc.; Glenview, Illinois; 
Memphis, Tennessee. Lever Bros Co., New York City, New 
York. Louis Dreyfus, Stamford, Connecticut. Maple Leaf 
Monarch Co., Toronto, Ontario, Canada (W.G. Milliken). 
Marwood Company, San Francisco, California. Overseas 
Commodities Corp., Minneapolis, Minnesota. Pillsbury Co., 
Minneapolis, Minnesota. Procter & Gamble Co., Cincinnati, 
Ohio. Schouten International, Inc., Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
Spencer Kellogg, Div. of Textron, Inc., Buffalo, New York. 
Alfred C. Toepfer, Inc., New York City, New York (Dierk 
Overheu).
 Standing committees: For each committee, the function 
of the committee, the names of all members (with the 
chairman designated), with the company and company 
address of each are given–Export development committee, 
Crop Improvement Council. Meal trading rules. Oil trading 
rules. Safety, health, and loss prevention. Technical. Address: 
1800 M. St., N.W., Washington, DC 20036. Phone: 202/452-
8040.
609. Taylor, Owen. 1981. Super seed: Coming down the 
backstretch. Genetic engineering still faces several hurdles. 
Soybean Digest. Sept/Oct. p. 16a-b.
• Summary: The idea of crossing a soybean with a cocklebur 
(so the resulting plant could thrive in all kinds of weather 
and choke out anything in its path) may have sounded like 
science ﬁ ction several years ago–but not today. Now such 
a goal seems reachable–though it may still be a number 
of years away. “Scientists pin their hopes on a relatively 
new and often controversial process: Genetic engineering. 
Recent creation of the ‘sun-bean’ focused new attention on 
this technique.” Researchers Jack Kemp and Timothy Hall 
at the University of Wisconsin transferred a gene from a 
French green bean into a sunﬂ ower cell. This could result in 
sunﬂ ower seeds that beneﬁ t from the green bean’s superior 
quality protein. “But you won’t be growing sun-beans for a 
long time–of ever. So far, all the researchers have is callous 
plant tissue–not a new plant capable of reproducing.”
 “Gene splicing” might also cut years off the time 
required to develop new soybean varieties. While work in 
other crops shows promise, soybean researchers “still need 
their ﬁ rst major breakthrough.” Until they can ﬁ gure out how 
to make a soybean cell regenerate into a full plant, nothing 
else in possible. So far, this has been done with more than 15 
other types of plants, but not yet with soybeans. If and when 
this becomes possible, soybean genes for nitrogen ﬁ xation 
could, conceivably, be transferred into grains such as wheat 
or corn.
 Genetic engineering has its critics, who charge (for 
example) that manipulating genes in microorganisms might 
create new strains of dangerous diseases.
 Drew Ivers, a soybean geneticist for Land O’Lakes 
Ag Services, notes that the potential exists for major 
breakthroughs. “It’s very realistic–very exciting. The 
possibilities are almost endless–but it just can’t happen in 2, 
5 or even ten years.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Feb. 2000) on 
genetic engineering of soybeans (or biotechnology).
610. Dunn, John R. 1981. Re: History of U.S. cooperative 
soybean processors. Letter to William Shurtleff at Soyfoods 
Center, Nov. 17–in reply to inquiry. 3 p. Typed, with 
signature. [2 ref]
• Summary: There are three basic organizational types for 
soybean plant cooperatives: (1) mills owned independently 
by single local cooperative associations, (2) mills owned by 
federated regional cooperatives which are, in turn, owned 
by local cooperatives, and (3) mills owned by centralized 
regional cooperatives, which are directly owned by farmer 
members. In reality, combinations of these three types are 
possible.”
 “Typically, the meal from cooperative soybean plants 
is sold either to cooperative feed mills (intra or inter-
association sales) to non-cooperative feed mills, or to 
exporters. Very little meal is sold directly back to farmer 
owners.
 “Most coop mills are not operated in direct conjunction 
with local cooperative grain elevators, as you indicate in 
the text. This may have been the case in the 1940’s perhaps, 
but since that time, mills have become more independently 
located, procuring soybeans from farmers, from several local 
elevators by truck, or from distant production regions by 
train.
 “I believe that ADM is now the largest processor–
slightly ahead of Cargill. I don’t have good ﬁ gures to back 
that, however, rather a growing consensus among industry 
experts.
 “Since our study, Gold Kist has sold its plants in Marks, 
Mississippi, and Decatur, Alabama, to Bunge, dropping Gold 
Kist to a 15 rank and raising Bunge to 3rd. The net effect on 
total cooperative share of processing capacity was to lower it 
to about 17 percent.
 “Finally, while ACS has worked closely with the 
cooperative processors over the years, it would probably be 
an overstatement to say that we have worked with them more 
than any other government agency–I just don’t know on that 
one. The credit for cooperatives’ success in soybeans accrues 
to cooperatives themselves, and what assistance we have 
provided pales by their accomplishment.
 “The following table shows various cooperative soybean 
processors, where they have or have had mills, and when 
each mill started or was operated. (1) Gold Kist: Decatur, 
Alabama 1974-1981; Marks, Mississippi 1977-1981; 
Valdosta, Georgia 1968-present. (2) Farmland Industries: 
Van Buren, Arkansas 1960 [sic, Oct. 1959]; Sergeant Bluff, 
Iowa 1974 [sic, Aug. 1975]; St. Joseph, Missouri 1963 (Far-
Mar-Co merger). (3) Riceland Foods: Helena, Arkansas 
1965; Stuttgart, Arkansas 1958. (4) Land O’Lakes: Sheldon, 

=== PAGE 199 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   199
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Iowa 1970; Dawson, Minnesota 1980; Ft. Dodge, Iowa 
1971. (5) Honeymead Products: Mankato, Minnesota 1960. 
(6) Agri Industries: Mason City, Iowa 1943; Manning, Iowa 
1979 [Formerly North Iowa Cooperative Processing Assoc., 
managed by Glenn Pogeler from 1943-1964]. (7) Boone 
Valley Processing Association: Eagle Grove, Iowa 1943. (8) 
Missouri Farmers Association: Mexico, Missouri 1946.”
 On other subjects: Intrade was formed in 1968. Farmers 
Export Co. [FEC] started in 1968. SoyCot started exporting 
soybean products in 1979. Address: USDA Agricultural 
Cooperative Service (ACS), Washington, DC 20250. Phone: 
202-475-4929.
611. Product Name:  Dawsoy Soy Flour, Flakes, Grits, and 
Soy Protein Isolates.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Dawson Food Ingredients, Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  7901 Flying Cloud Dr., Suite 
230, Eden Prairie, MN 55344.
Date of Introduction:  1981.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1981. p. 
61.
612. Cowell, Sandra; Meier, Diane. eds. 1981. Hubbard in 
retrospect: Hubbard centennial 1881-1981. Hubbard, Iowa: 
Hubbard Centennial, Inc. See p. 17.
• Summary: “1943–... The foundation of the soybean plant in 
Hubbard was poured this week [no date given]. The plant is 
in coordination with Farmers Elevator and will cost $40,000, 
having a capacity of 500,000 bushels.”
 1944. Carl Kulow was elected president of the Hubbard 
Co-op Elevator board. Note: There is no entry for the 
soybean plant starting operation.
 “1948–The Boone Valley Cooperative Association have 
purchased the Hubbard Soybean plant from Farmers Co-op 
Elevator. Ed Olson is manager.” Address: Hubbard, Iowa.
613. Crabbe, Carolyn; McCutcheon, Connie. eds. 1981. 
Eagle Grove, Iowa 1881-1981 centennial. Eagle Grove, 
Iowa: Eagle Grove Centennial Committee. vi + 218 p. See p. 
21. Illust. No index. 28 cm.
• Summary: In the chapter on “Agriculture and agri-
business” (p. 21) is a half-page detailed chronology of 
“Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association.” “1943 
April 12–First meeting at City Hall in Eagle Grove; adopted 
name of Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association; 
13 cooperatives, membership $1,000.00, Preferred shares 
$50.
 “April 20–Second meeting with M.K. Frey, ﬁ rst 
temporary chairman, and 15 elevators represented.
 “June 17–Ed Olson appointed chairman; Purchased 
Northwestern Railroad Building for $1,500.00.
 “July 16–Ed Elson resigned as chairman to become 
manager at $350.00 per month.
 “1944 March 4 [March 24?]–Plant started operation.
 “1945–Decision to enter feed business; ﬁ nanced by 
26 member cooperatives purchasing $1,000 share of stock, 
Preferred Shares of $45,000 sold, and loan from Omaha 
Bank for Cooperatives.
 “1947 Aug. 23–Fire which almost completely destroyed 
processing plant.
 “1948 Jan. 1–Purchased Hubbard Soybean Mill.
 “1951 May–Hubbard plant closed down. Membership in 
Boone Valley increased to 56.
 “1952 Oct.–Ground broken for new construction 
and new solvent plant was in production 13 months later, 
November 10, 1953.
 “1954 April–Additional equipment installed to double 
capacity of feed department. Oct.–C.W. Bartley hired as 
manager of Feed Department.
 “1955–Addition built on the of ﬁ ce.
 “1958–Quality Egg Program started; Joe Mittler, 
manager.
 “1959 May 30–Ed Olson died. June 16. Keith M. V oigt 
employed as new manager at $1,000.00 per month. Aug.–Joe 
Mittler resigned as Egg Plant Manager; Harold Alleman 
named new manager.
 “1962 June 28–Open House & Barbecue at Egg 
Division.
 “1967 April 1–Egg Division transferred to Farmbest 
Eggs; Farmland [sic, Farmbest] went out of the egg business 
in 1971. May 16–Open House & Barbecue for new ofﬁ ce.
 “1968–New 1,500 ton soybean process plant 
constructed.
 “1969 Dec. 17–Explosion in soy and feed plants.
 “1970–Feeder Pig Program started. June 1–
Reconstruction work started [after explosion].
 “1971–New soybean storage facilities; Golden Eagle 
Swine Show–1st; remodel feed plant.
 “1972–New feed console installed; new automatic 
bagger; new lunchroom in soy division; new 1,000 ton bulk 
soymeal storage and loading system.
 “1973 April–Started new addition to of ﬁ ce. Dec. 9–Bean 
dryer destroyed by ﬁ re. Leased railroad cars.
 “1974–New bulk ingredient system. Boone Valley hit 
$100 million in sales.
 “1975–New boiler system.
 “1976 Oct. 11–Groundbreaking for new $4.5 million 
dollar feed mill.
 “1978 June 20-21–Grand Opening of new feed mill. 
Sept.–Additional 1,200 ton soymeal storage.
 “1979–Completed second bean dump; remodel Deluxe 
Dryer System; standby fuel system (two 30,000 gallon L.P. 
[liquid propane] tanks). Bought I.P.S. Plant to generate steam 
for power for plant expansion planned in 1980-81; coal will 
be burned, also refuse from soybean plant (seed, stems, 
weeds). Membership 175.
 “1980–35 million dollar expansion started, to be ﬁ nished 
October 1, 1981; about 80% of what is processed at the plant 

=== PAGE 200 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   200
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
is meal for hogs, but minerals for feed, cattle, sheep, horses, 
cats and dog are also processed; about 20% of the output is 
soybean oil which goes for food processing.”
 A large photo on the top half of the page shows an aerial 
view of the Boone Valley soybean processing plant in about 
1981. Address: Eagle Grove, Iowa.
614. Hubbard in retrospect. 1981. Hubbard, Iowa: Hubbard 
Centennial, Inc., Taylor Pub. Co. 284 p. Illust. 32 cm. *
• Summary: In the section titled “1943” (p. 17) we read: 
“The foundation of the soybean plant in Hubbard was 
poured this week. The plant is in coordination with Farmers 
Elevator and will cost $40,000, having a capacity of 500,000 
bushels.” Note: No speciﬁ c date is given.
 Under the heading “1948” (p. 17): “Boone Valley 
Cooperative Processing Association have purchased the 
Hubbard Soybean plant from Farmers Co-op Elevator. Ed 
Olson is the manager.”
615. Windish, Leo G. 1981. Archer-Daniels-Midland 
Company, Inc.: Pioneer soybean processors who rank among 
the giants in the industry (Continued–Document part III). 
In: Leo Windish. 1981. The Soybean Pioneers: Trailblazers, 
Crusaders, Missionaries. Galva, Illinois: Published by the 
author. viii + 239 p. See p. 97-103. Chap. 19.
• Summary: Continued: “Had it not been that most of the 
extraction and processing facilities were new and at top 
efﬁ ciency, ADM would have fared far worse during the 
period when marketing of soybean products was so seriously 
handicapped by economic factors. There were only 33 days 
during the 1953-54 crop year when soybean oil and meal 
together brought a better price than soybeans themselves. 
In 1955 ADM lost money on its basic soybean processing. 
Nevertheless, throughout these years ADM’s upgraded soy 
products continued to produce a proﬁ t.
 “And thus another chapter in the pioneer history of 
soybean processing has been added, on the part of the 
Archer-Daniels-Midland Company. Their innovations and 
added capacity helped greatly to expand the growth of the 
soybean and its products (17).
 “Back in 1926, the William O. Goodrich Co. was 
acquired by ADM... oil from soybeans and other vegetable 
seeds, using a Scott batch-extraction system. In 1933, Shreve 
M. Archer sent a representative to Europe to study the major 
solvent extraction plants, and the next year started a 150-ton-
a-day Hildebrandt continuous solvent extraction unit, thus 
becoming the ﬁ rst in the country to process beans by that 
process. Walter Flumerfelt, then a successful processor 
in Waterloo, Iowa, had operated a small solvent plant at 
Monticello, Illinois for two years beginning in 1929. It was 
the ﬁ rst actual business venture of this type and Flumerfelt’s 
patent on continuous solvent extraction was later used on 
wheat-germ extraction. Much helpful information came out 
of the Monticello venture.
 While Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. began processing 
by expeller in 1929, their big push in the industry came with 
entrance into the solvent extraction ﬁ eld. They were ﬁ rst 
in volume production and merchandising of this type of 44 
percent protein meal. In research work and merchandising of 
solvent extracted soybean oil meal, long popular in Europe, 
they spent a fortune of substantial proportions. In this project 
alone there is an interesting story that has yet to be written 
as a guide to other industries. The following information 
was taken from pages 27-30, Chapter 4, titled The Big Drive 
Starts, from the book Soybeans, Gold from the Soil.
 “At the outset the new solvent product was placed on 
consignment with all types of dealers and distributors over a 
wide area. Said Whitney Eastman, ADM vice president: ‘We 
might just as well have placed it on the shelves of jewelry 
stores in Iceland.’
 “Years of intensive sales plugging and skillful 
merchandising policies brought about the present-day 
acceptance and a growing demand that absorbs a larger 
volume each year, Long before the Goodrich Co. was 
acquired by Archer-Daniels-Midland Co., it had studied the 
reﬁ nement of Manchurian soybean oil and in the early 1920’s 
clariﬁ ed soy oil was developed, along with a number of other 
special oils. This was a forward step of some consequence.
 “A Very Close Call: Only tariff protection saved the 
soybean industry from being nipped in the bud and permitted 
manufacturers to expand the grower’s market. Even before 
the industry was developed there was a group of vegetable-
oil processors and agriculturists seeking domestic protection 
from the Manchurian inroads, and progress was made after 
the tariff act of 1913. For the next eight years ‘free traders’ 
sought to destroy this protection. In these battles Whitney 
Eastman took an active part. In 1921 this small group 
fought through a duty of 20 cents a gallon on cottonseed and 
soybean oils, increases of taxes on some other competing 
oils, and a duty lift to 30 cents per bushel on ﬂ axseed. There 
were further battles and further gains in 1922, 1930, and 
1936, until the soybean farmer felt at least his expansion 
program could not be destroyed overnight by defective tariff 
rates.
 “During the ﬁ ve years of the legislative drive beginning 
in 1930, Whitney Eastman had served as president of the 
processor’s association. His company meanwhile moved 
ahead to the position it now holds as one of the giants in 
the industry. Other major companies which entered the ﬁ eld 
about that time were Allied Mills & Co. and Ralston-Purina 
Co., which entered the ﬁ eld in 1930 and at one time was the 
largest single consumer of soybean meal. Spencer Kellogg 
& Co. stepped into the industry in 1935 under the direction 
of Howard Kellogg, Jr., and Swift & Co. began operations 
in 1937 with one of their larger early plants located in 
Champaign, Illinois.
 “Processors never lacked for courage. Even during 
the stock market crash in October, 1929, new soybean 

=== PAGE 201 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   201
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
processing plants were being launched. Among them were 
Standard Soybean Mills and the Iowa Milling Co.” Address: 
101 Exchange St., Galva, Illinois 61434.
616. Honeymead Products Co. 1981? The history of 
Honeymead (Leaﬂ et). Mankato, Minnesota. 2 p. Undated.
• Summary: Here are a few dates that are important to the 
growth and development of Honeymead.
 “1937–A group of Mankato, Minnesota, businessmen 
buy an old tile plant and convert it to crush soybeans. Note: 
The company is named Mankato Soybean Products until 
1947.
 “World War II [1942]–Western Farmers [Washington 
Egg and Poultry Association], a Seattle, Washington, based 
Farmer Cooperative buys Honeymead to insure a steady 
supply of soy protein for their livestock feed.
 “1947–The Mankato plant is purchased by Dwayne and 
Lowell Andreas and given its present name–Honeymead.
 “1949–Solvent extraction is introduced.
 “1957–Honeymead begins re ﬁ ning soybean oil.
 “1960–Honeymead is purchased by the Grain Terminal 
Association [GTA], a grain marketing cooperative based in 
St. Paul [Minnesota]. We process 50,000 bushels of soybeans 
daily.
 “1961–GTA purchases Minnesota Linseed Oil Company, 
at Fridley, Minnesota, a ﬂ ax-crushing operation.
 “1963 [sic, April 1964]–Honeymead begins producing 
hydrogenated or ‘hardened’ soybean oil, the basis for 
margarine or shortening. We’re processing 240,000 lbs. or 
tank cars of hydrogenated oil per day.
 “1964–Honeymead makes its ﬁ rst 40 tankcar shipment 
of ‘hardened’ oil to New Orleans [Louisiana].
 “1965–Waste water control is instituted at our Mankato 
facility.
 “1967–Minnesota Linseed begins to develop a new 
oilseed market–sunﬂ owers. First contracts cover 10,000 
acres.
 “1974–Honeymead and Minnesota Linseed merge. 
Honeymead enters the consumer foods market with the 
purchase of Kent Products, a margarine manufacturer based 
in Kansas City, Missouri. Construction is started on a new 
processing plant in Mankato.
 “1975–Honeymead purchases its second margarine 
plant, Carthage Creamery, Carthage, Missouri, and places it 
under Kent Products management.
 “1976–Construction of our new soybean processing 
and edible ﬂ our plant is completed. Mankato now processes 
80,000 bushels of soybeans each day.
 “1977–Honeymead strengthens its position in the 
consumer foods market with the acquisition of Holsum 
foods, an established food processing company.
 “1979–Honeymead consolidates three plants: (1) 
Carthage Creamery, (2) Kent Margarine, and (3) Holsum 
Foods, Kansas City, into one operation, by completing 
construction of a new margarine plant in Olathe, Kansas.
 “1979–With the purchase of Miami Margarine in Albert 
Lea, Minnesota, Honeymead continues to expand its lines of 
margarine and shortening.
 “1979–Holsum Foods, with its headquarters in 
Waukesha, Wisconsin, is given management responsibility 
for all existing food processing and margarine operations.
 “1979–Construction of a new extraction plant begins at 
Honeymead’s Fridley sunﬂ ower and ﬂ axseed plant.
 “1980–Honeymead completes construction of its new 
extraction plant at Fridley. We are now able to process 
54,000 bushels of ﬂ axseed or an equivalent amount of 
sunﬂ ower seeds each day.”
 Note: The source of this document is unknown. Address: 
P.O. Box 29, Mankato, Minnesota 56001.
617. Boismenue, Clyde. 1982. Textured soy protein products 
in America today (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. Jan. 26. 
Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: The biggest present outlet for TVP (more 
precisely textured soy ﬂ our or TSF) is in the pet food 
industry, and some is used in the U.S. school lunch program. 
Occasionally a foreign country, such as Poland or the USSR, 
will buy some to extend meats.
 The Briggs Amendment is a California state amendment 
of about 1975; it regulates the labeling of meat products 
containing soy. If you add soy to hamburger you must label it 
“imitation hamburger,” and even restaurants and institutions 
must state the names on the menu or, if there is no menu, in 
a sign on the wall, if the extender is bread crumbs. But the 
health inspectors overlook a lot of violations, as in small 
restaurants. Companies are not even allowed to use fanciful 
names such as “Superburger.” Because of all this, customers 
in California have stopped using soy in droves and brought 
sales to a crashing halt. Clyde thinks there may be a similar 
law in New York; he does not know how many other states 
have such restrictive laws.
 Nationwide, imitation cheese must have the word 
“imitation” as the largest word on the box; it looks absurd.
 A company that wants to make TSF must buy a number 
of large extruders. Each one makes 3,000 to 5,000 lb/hour, 
and most companies own 3 to 5. Every one of the major 
manufacturers for TSF or textured soy protein products is 
losing money. Prices are terribly low and the industry is 
operated at an estimated 10% of capacity in 1981.
 ADM’s TVP is the most dense, but it gets too soft on 
cooking. Textured concentrates are too hard, and are like 
gristle or rubber in the ﬁ nished product; they have less ﬂ avor 
but cause less ﬂ atulence. Textured isolates are too expensive, 
costing more than the meat they are intended to replace. All 
companies are desperate for a breakthrough.
 ADM has never spent much money on developing 
imitation beef, ham, or chicken. Yet it the company has 
developed meatless entrees to increase proﬁ t margins. 

=== PAGE 202 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   202
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Uncle Archie’s line of meatless entrees included Pepper 
Steak (the ﬁ rst one developed), Chicken Almadine, Sweet 
and Sour Pork, and Hearty Stew. ADM wanted to move 
from TVP extender to meatless entrees about 2 years ago. 
Like everybody, they rushed to GNC (General Nutrition 
Corp.), which reformulated the pepper steak by removing 
the mushrooms. It didn’t sell well before or after the 
reformulation, so ADM tried to market it themselves under 
the Uncle Archie’s brand. From the start, they appealed to 
the Safeway mentality, using lots of artiﬁ cial ingredients. 
The product now tastes good but it looks like they will ﬂ op 
anyway.
 Worthington and Loma Linda are also having big, 
indeed disastrous, problems. All the TSP (textured soy 
protein) products are dying on the vine. Central Soya can’t 
sell textured concentrates. Loma Linda plans to try to 
duplicate the success of Sanitarium Food Co. [Australia] 
with breakfast cereals. Some health food stores have carried 
Loma Linda products, but natural food stores object to all 
the additives. And now even some Seventh-day Adventists 
are starting to be critical for the same reason. None of the 
natural- or health food stores will carry Clyde’s TVP because 
it contains so much artiﬁ cial stuff.
 Nabisco is no longer in the business, and Central 
Soya has discontinued the line of material they bought 
from General Mills. Cargill and Lauhoff are now in quite a 
precarious position. Cargill makes a good line of soy ﬂ ours, 
but they also have a line of textured protein products that 
they have never been able to position correctly; they are 
operating at about 10% of capacity. Cargill got in early then 
in 1976 spent several million dollars more upgrading their 
plant so it is one of the nicest in the industry. A man with the 
inside scoop on Cargill is ADM’s manager in the western 
region, Bill Potter, phone 213-833-1389. He was Cargill’s 
sales manager and now lives in Los Angeles.
 The three people and companies that hold all the process 
patents and pooled them were Nabisco, Swift & Co. and 
ADM; that jump-started this industry. All three had a slightly 
different process, so they cross licensed to get the TVP 
process going. Lynn Adolphson of ADM is the best man in 
the USA to ask about his; he really knows the industry.
 General Mills was one company that really went into 
TSP in a big way. They had a line of ﬂ avored products that 
has never been duplicated since–all the TVP items that were 
used as meat extenders, including the Bontrae line which 
were very fancy products. They introduced spun isolates in a 
really big way in both the bacon bits type products and their 
whole line of frozen meat analogs. One day they shut down 
the whole operation without any warning. They sold the 
frozen line to Dawson Mills, and sold the Bontrae process to 
Central Soya, both of whom have shut down these products 
in the last 18 months or so. Dawson Mills got completely 
out of the ISP business, but may still have a weak line of 
textured products. People keep hoping the market will 
materialize, but it never happens, so eventually they have to 
get out to cut their losses.
 Three companies went out in the ﬁ rst washout: General 
Mills, Swift & Co., and ﬁ nally the Marschall Division 
of Miles Laboratories. A division of National Can called 
National Protein Products or something like that made a 
compressed soy grit very similar to that made by Nabisco.
 We’re now heading for a second washout. Lauhoff is 
weak but has a little niche in the pet food industry. With 
the market collapsing and export sales bleak, everyone is 
going hook and tong after the pet food industry. Lauhoff was 
just bought by Bunge. Worthington is probably in a pretty 
precarious position. They have huge capacity with a market 
of 2-10% of capacity.
 Lauhoff and Cargill will probably be the next ones out. 
Dawson Mills is sort of dragging along at the rear, a little 
weak. Clyde is not sure if they still sell textured products. 
They banked an awful lot on textured soy concentrate. They 
still have a few fairly large customers–such as SAGA Food 
Services. All three companies need big volume to run their 
machines economically.
 ADM is deﬁ  nitely in the strongest, premier position 
among the makers of new soy protein products. ADM has 
strength across the board–not just in pet foods. They are the 
only company with a truly complete line of products and a 
decent line of ﬂ avored products. ADM is way out in front 
with the edible soy products because of better texture and 
ﬂ avor. Cargill, Dawson Mills, and Central Soya have sort of 
a nondescript product–not outstanding and not positioned 
well. They are losing money.
 Central Soya is having problems with its textured 
soy protein concentrate. Staley is a dogged competitor. 
They have concentrated on a few items which they sell 
inexpensively; they do a good job with those, but they have 
no ﬂ avored products. Farmland (Far-Mar-Co) is also a 
dogged competitor. They have a line of ﬂ avored TSF that has 
never gone any where.
 Each strong manufacturer has at least one pet food 
account from which they draw their ﬁ nancial life. All the 
companies are losing money on their pet food TSF but they 
have to have it to keep their overhead spread thin enough 
to make money on anything else. So the competition in the 
edible soy products industry is brutal.
 What killed them all was Wenger Manufacturing Co. In 
the early days the pet food makers were happy to get TSF 
at 60 cents/pound, which was much cheaper than beef. But 
soybean meal was 6 cents/pound. So pet food makers started 
to buy a lot–dozens of carloads. Then Wenger shows up 
and says, “Why not buy an extruder, buy soybean meal for 
6 cents/pound, and make your own TSF?” This forced TSF 
processors to drastically lower rates to cost of meal plus a 
ﬁ xed processing charge. That still allowed the processors to 
work off a lot of scrap. Some bought Wenger extruders. That 
was the end of proﬁ ts in the pet food industry.

=== PAGE 203 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   203
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Dwayne Andreas took an early liking to TVP. Dwayne 
is a very homey person, a Quaker [sic, Mennonite] in the 
true sense. He developed and made a ﬂ aked breakfast cereal 
out of TVP; it contained 100% of the RDA for everything 
and you just poured milk on it–not a hot cereal. Or it could 
be used as a tuna extender. But in about 1972 the cereal 
makers rejected it; they thought it was too concentrated. That 
was one of the ﬁ rst times ADM got burned–a sort of TVP 
tragicomedy. Bob Sullenberger is another key man and good 
source of information. Address: Basic Foods Co., 1211 E. 
Olympic Blvd. #204, Los Angeles, California 90021. Phone: 
213-623-6686.
618. Lauser, Greg C. 1982. History of Cargill’s involvement 
in the soybean processing industry. Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
5 p. March 15. Unpublished manuscript.
• Summary: Soybean processing: “1942–Cargill entered the 
soybean processing business with the acquisition of expeller 
plants in Springﬁ eld, Illinois (sold in 1950), and Cedar 
Rapids (east), Iowa. Note: These two plants were purchased 
from Ike Sinaiko and Joe Sinaiko respectively, but probably 
in 1943.
 “1943–Cargill acquired Plymouth Processing 
Company’s plant and grain elevator at Ft. Dodge, Iowa (sold 
in 1971 [to Land O’Lakes]).
 “1945–The company acquired from Honeymead solvent 
extraction plants in Spencer and Cedar Rapids (west), Iowa. 
The solvent-extraction process is used in modern plants 
today.
 “1946–Cargill acquired the Washington, Iowa, soybean 
crushing plant and began crushing ﬂ ax seed at a plant it 
built at Port Cargill in Savage, Minnesota. The same year, 
the company acquired from the Falk Corporation a ﬂ ax 
processing plant in Minneapolis. Since 1967, that plant also 
has been crushing sunﬂ ower seeds.
 “1947–The company opened a soybean crushing plant at 
Savage, Minnesota.
 “1950–Cargill built its ﬁ rst plant speciﬁ cally designed 
to crush soybeans in Chicago to serve domestic oil and 
meal markets. In 1956, a reﬁ nery was built adjacent to the 
crushing plant that produces industrial reﬁ ned non-edible 
oil used in paints and other protective coatings and in vinyl 
products. Cargill also acquired a ﬂ ax crushing plant in 
Philadelphia that was closed as a crushing plant in 1953.
 “1957–Cargill opened a soybean processing plant in 
Memphis, Tennessee. A second plant was added adjacent to 
the ﬁ rst in 1970.
 “1959–Cargill expanded the scope of its soybean 
crushing activities to the Southeast by opening a facility in 
Norfolk, Virginia, and acquired a plant in Sioux City, Iowa, 
from Sioux Industries.
 “1960–The Wichita, Kansas soybean crushing plant was 
acquired from the Soy Rich Company.
 “1961–The company acquired the Des Moines, Iowa 
soybean crushing plant from Spencer-Kellogg Co. In 1967, 
Cargill opened its ﬁ rst domestic salad oil reﬁ nery adjacent to 
this crushing plant.
 “1965–Cargill began crushing soybeans overseas at its 
new plant in Tarragona, Spain.
 “1968–The company opened a second overseas crushing 
plant in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
 “1970–A third seed crushing plant [named Soja-France, 
with Dominique de Clerq as chairman of the board and 
general manager] was opened at St. Nazaire, France. A 
crushing plant at Reus, Spain, also was added in 1970 and 
Australian cottonseed crushing operations were acquired in 
1972.
 “1967–The company opened the Gainesville, Georgia, 
soybean processing plant. A reﬁ nery, Cargill’s ﬁ rst to 
produce hydrogenated or “hardened” oil for the Southeastern 
food manufacturing industry, was built adjacent in 1979.
 “1970–Cargill built the Fayetteville, North Carolina, 
crushing plant and a reﬁ nery was added in 1976.
 [1971–Soybean crushing plant at Fort Dodge, Iowa, sold 
to Land O’Lakes.]
 “1973–Soybean processing complex began operations at 
Ponta Grossa, Brazil.
 “1975–Acquired plant in Osceola, Arkansas.
 1976–Soybean plant was built at Barcelona, Spain.
 “1977–Soybean plant constructed and operations began 
at Brest, France.
 “1978–The company opened a soybean processing plant 
in Sidney, Ohio, to serve domestic meal and oil markets. This 
facility was the company’s ﬁ rst soybean processing plant 
designed to burn coal as its source of power.
 “1980–Construction began on vegetable oil re ﬁ nery 
adjacent to Wichita soybean crushing plant and operations 
started in late 1981. A crushing plant also was acquired in 
Antwerp, Belgium.
 “1981–Company acquired a soybean crushing and 
vegetable oil reﬁ nery complex in Hartsville, South Carolina.
 “1982–Cargill acquired a soybean crushing plant in 
Monte Alto, Brazil.
 “Summary. Soybean Crushing: The company now 
operates soybean processing plants in the United States, the 
Netherlands, Belgium, France, Spain, Brazil. The plants 
range in capacity from 20,000 to nearly 120,000 bushels a 
day. In the U.S., the company operates 15 plants in Iowa, 
Illinois, Minnesota, Kansas, Virginia, North Carolina, 
South Carolina, Tennessee, Georgia, Arkansas and Ohio. It 
operates 6 U.S. reﬁ neries located in Gainesville, Georgia; 
Fayetteville, North Carolina; Des Moines, Iowa; Hartsville, 
South Carolina; Chicago, Illinois and Wichita, Kansas.”
 In a cover letter to William Shurtleff, Greg says: “I’d 
now like to answer the speciﬁ c questions you posed in you 
letter:
 “1. Ralston Purina is the largest animal feed producer, 
according to Feedstuffs magazine.

=== PAGE 204 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   204
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “2. Will Cargill is the focus of Cargill’s early history 
because he was the founder and is generally regarded as the 
most innovative and enterprising, while his brothers’ skills in 
administration and ﬁ nance served the company well.
 “3. Nutrena Mills were headquartered in Kansas City, 
Kansas, when they were acquired in 1945. While they may 
have used Cargill soybean meal in their animal feeds, it is 
highly unlikely because of the transportation costs between 
Kansas City and the nearest Cargill crushing plants at the 
time in Ft. Dodge and Washington, Iowa. Nutrena probably 
had closer sources of supply for meal.
 “4. I’ve addressed the seeming contradictions you 
mentioned in the attached, edited version of your copy.” 
Address: Public relations, Cargill, P.O. Box 5625, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55440.
619. DeGregorio, R.M.; Barr, G.W.; Stahel, N.; Crane, F.M. 
1982. Modiﬁ ed soy protein as a protein source in calf milk 
replacer (Abstract). J. of Dairy Science 65(Supplement 
1):123 (Abst. #P91).
• Summary: Three different isonitrogenous milk replacers 
(all with the same protein content) were used to feed 226 
Holstein bull calves: 1. All milk, 2. heated soy ﬂ our (66% 
milk protein replacement), and 3. modiﬁ ed soy protein (66% 
milk protein replacement). The use of modiﬁ ed soy protein 
or all milk gave better calf weight gains and gain / feed ratios 
than when heated soy ﬂ our was used. Consumption of milk 
replacement was greatest when modiﬁ ed soy protein was 
used.
 Note: This is in the Program–Seventy-seventh Annual 
Meeting of the American Dairy Science Association, 
The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, 
Pennsylvania, June 27-30, 1982. Address: Land O’Lakes, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota.
620. Soy-Cot Sales, Inc. 1982. Schedule of events, men 
and women. October 27-29. Peabody Hotel, Memphis, 
Tennessee. 20 p. Unpublished typescript. 28 cm.
• Summary: Contents: 1. Schedule of events. 2. Annual 
stockholders’ meeting–Agenda, Oct. 28, 8:30–11:15 
AM. 3. Annual stockholders’ meeting–Agenda, Oct. 29, 
8:30–11:30 AM. 4. 1981-82. Soy-Cot Sales, Inc. Ofﬁ cers, 
executive committee, board of directors [all from agricultural 
cooperatives]. 5-7. Formative history of Soy-Cot Sales, Inc. 
1961-62 (by Glenn Pogeler, acting secretary). 8. Board of 
directors meeting, March 13, 1962, Little Rock, Arkansas 
(by Glenn Pogeler, Secy-Treasurer). 9-10. Minutes of 
meeting of Soy-Cot Sales, Inc., Memphis, Tennessee, May 
17, 1962 (by Glenn Pogeler, Secy-Treasurer). 11. Balance 
sheets, 31 Aug. 1982 and 1981. 12. Statements of income 
and surplus, 31 Aug. 1982 and 1981 (Surplus of $308,615 
in 1982 and $229,261 in 1981). 13. Statements of changes 
in ﬁ nancial position for the years ended 31 Aug. 1982 and 
1981. 14. Schedule of operating expenses for the years ended 
31 Aug. 1982 and 1981. 15. Remaining equity allocations 
outstanding, 1980, 1981, 1982. Recap of earnings, 1963-
1982 (total earnings $2,728,763). 16. Trend statement. 
17. World production of oilseeds–protein meals–fats / oils 
(Sept. 1982, FAS [USDA’s Foreign Agricultural Service]). 
18. Supply-demand for soybeans 1962/63 vs. 1982/83, for 
soybean oil, and soybean meal. Board of trade price ranges. 
19. U.S. cotton production, yield, and cottonseed production 
1962 vs. 1982. By state and total (Note: Total U.S. 
production of cotton has decreased by 23.6% since 1962; 
cottonseed production has decreased by 25.9%). 20. U.S. 
soybean production and yield 1962 vs. 1982. By state and 
total. (Soybean production has 3.43 fold from 669 million 
bushels to 2,300 million bushels).
621. Product Name:  Soy Flour, Flakes, and Grits.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Farmland Agriservices, Inc. 
Manufactured Products Div.
Manufacturer’s Address:  960 N. Halstead, P.O. Box 1667, 
Hutchinson, KS 67501.
Date of Introduction:  1982.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1982. p. 
64. Formerly Far-Mar-Co. Note: Far-Mar-Co merged with 
Farmland before Aug. 1979.
622. Product Name:  Soy Flour, and Grits.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Land O’Lakes Industrial Sales.
Manufacturer’s Address:  P.O. Box 1087, Eau Claire, WI 
54701.
Date of Introduction:  1982.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1982. p. 
64.
623. Product Name:  Textured Soy Flour Meat Extenders.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Land O’Lakes Industrial Sales.
Manufacturer’s Address:  P.O. Box 1087, Eau Claire, WI 
54701.
Date of Introduction:  1982.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1982. p. 
60, 64.
624. Dunn, John R.; Reynolds, B.J.; Eversull, E.E.; Skinner, 
R.A.; Thurston, S.K. 1982. Cooperative involvement and 
opportunities in oilseeds. ACS Research Report No. 13. v + 
47 p. 28 cm. [28 ref]
• Summary: A very important and original report showing 
the relationship between all aspects of soybeans and other 
oilseed crops in the USA, and between cooperative and 
noncooperative soybean processors. Contents: Highlights 
and recommendations. Oilseed crop production: Soybeans, 
cottonseed, peanuts, ﬂ axseed, sunﬂ owerseed. Overview 
of cooperative oilseed system: Cooperative oilseed ﬂ ows, 
cooperative organizational approaches, vertical integration 
by individual cooperatives, horizontal coordination by 

=== PAGE 205 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   205
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
groups of cooperatives, vertical coordination by groups 
of cooperatives. Oilseed crushing: Soybeans, cottonseed, 
sunﬂ owerseed / ﬂ axseed, peanuts, potential new locations 
for cooperative crushing, parts inventory for processing 
cooperatives. Processing plant output: Soybean plant 
output, cottonseed mill output. Processing plant costs: 
Soybean plant costs, cottonseed plant costs, economies 
of scale. Raw product marketing. Oilseed pricing 
mechanisms. Transportation of oilseeds and oilseed products: 
Cooperative control of transportation modes, transportation 
by cooperative soybean processors. Reﬁ ning, product 
manufacturing, and marketing: Demand for vegetable oil 
products, vegetable oil reﬁ ning, increasing cooperative 
reﬁ ning activity, marketing of vegetable oil products, 
manufacturing and marketing meal products, cooperative 
brand name oilseed products, retail product quality assurance 
association. The export markets for U.S. oilseeds: Global 
demand for oilseeds, global oilseed processing, world oilseed 
trade ﬂ ows. Cooperative involvement in oilseed exporting: 
cooperative export ﬂ ows, level of cooperative involvement, 
considerations for expansion of cooperative exporting, 
advantages and risks for cooperatives in oilseed exporting, 
the need for uniﬁ ed cooperative export efforts. Challenges 
for oilseed cooperatives: Rail transportation, energy, growth, 
competitive pressures and the need for coordination. Selected 
oilseeds references. Appendix tables.
 Tables related to soy: (1) Regional shares of U.S. 
regional soybean production; Averages for 1959-69, 1970-79, 
1976-79. (6) Soybean crushing capacity; total cooperative 
and noncooperative. Cooperative share of crushing capacity, 
1971-1979 crop years. (7) Number of soybean crushing 
mills, U.S. total, co-op, and non-coop. Average mill capacity; 
U.S., co-op and non-co-op, 1971-1979 crop years. (8) 
Soybean crushed, U.S. total, cooperative crush, nonco-op 
crush, cooperative share of total crush, 1971-1979 crop 
years. (9) Utilization of soybean crushing capacity; U.S. 
overall average, noncooperative average, 1971-1979 crop 
years.
 (10) Soybean crushing capacity shares and cooperative 
shares of crushing capacity, by region, 1979. (11) Soybean 
crushing capacity and proportion of soybean production 
which may be crushed within each region, 1979. (12) 
Structural characteristics of the domestic soybean processing 
industry in terms of plant numbers and capacities, 1979. (16) 
Production of soybean oil and oil products by cooperatives, 
1971-1979 crop years (Million pounds and percentage; 
Crude oil, degummed oil, lecithin and by-products, reﬁ ned 
oil, hydrogenated oil). (17) Soybean meal production by 
cooperatives, 1971-1979 marketing years (Thousand tons 
and percentage; Total, high protein meal, low protein meal, 
mill feed production).
 (20) Processing costs for cooperative soybean 
processing plants, 1971-1979, alternative years. (24) 
Soybean receiving methods by cooperative plants, 1971-
1979 crop years (by rail, cooperative owned truck, other 
truck). (25) Soybean meal shipment methods by cooperative 
plants, 1971-1979 (by rail, co-op truck, other truck, barge). 
(26) Soybean oil shipment methods by cooperative plants, 
1971-1979 (by rail, truck, barge). (27) U.S. utilization 
of soybean oil, by products, by crop years, 1964-1979 
(million lb): Shortening, salad and cooking oil, margarine, 
other edible, total food, total non-food, total domestic 
disappearance.
 (30) Total and per capita consumption of fats and oils, 
food and industrial products, USA, 1963-1979 (million 
lb and per capita) (butter, lard, margarine, shortening, 
edible oils, all [oleaginous] food products, all industrial 
products, all products). (31) Margarine: Fats and oils used 
in manufacture, United States, 1965-1979 (incl. soybean, 
cottonseed, peanut, corn, coconut, safﬂ ower, other vegetable, 
lard, beef tallow). (32) Shortening: Fats and oils used in 
manufacture, United States, 1965-1979 (incl. soybean, 
cottonseed, peanut, etc.). (34) Selected oilseeds, vegetable 
oils, and oilseed cakes and meals: value of U.S. exports, 
annual 1973-1979. (35) Major U.S. oilseed and products 
exports, 1973-1979 (Soybeans, sunﬂ owerseed, cottonseed, 
peanut). (36) Global soybean annual crushing capacities of 
major markets, 1979 (Soybean importing countries: Belgium 
& Luxembourg, Denmark, France, Italy, Netherlands, UK, 
West Germany, Spain, Poland, Yugoslavia, Soviet Union, 
Japan, Korea {Rep. of = South}, China {PRC}, Taiwan, 
Mexico, subtotal 42%. Soybean exporting countries: USA, 
Brazil, Argentina, subtotal 58%). (37) U.S. soybean exports 
by region or country of destination, 1973-1979.
 (40) V olumes of soybeans handled by regional and 
interregional cooperatives and regional cooperative share of 
total farm soybean sales, 1972-1979 marketing years. (41) 
Soybean shipments to cooperative and noncooperative port 
elevators, 1973-1979. (42) Soybean shipments to ports by 
port area, by regional cooperatives, 1973-1979 (Atlantic, 
Gulf, Great Lakes, Paciﬁ c, total). (43) Percent of regional 
cooperatives’ soybean sales shipped to port areas 1972-1979. 
(44) Cooperative port elevator capacities and share of total 
capacity, by port area, 1980.
 Figures: (1) Bar chart: Oilseed production by 
commodity for selected years, 1959, 1969, 1979. (2) Map 
of oilseed production areas, USA, 1979. (3) Cooperative 
export channels for raw oilseeds. (4) Cooperative channels 
for oilseed products. (5) Cooperative coordination paths 
(Complete integration, vertical integration, single activity, 
intercooperative coordination). (6) Bar chart: Oilseed 
crush shares by commodity for selected years (1959, 1969, 
1979). (7) Bar chart: Oilseed production percentage crushed 
domestically by commodity for selected years. (8) Map: 
Cooperative oilseed processing plants, 1979. (9) Soybean 
products. (10) Flow chart: Vegetable oil reﬁ ning process. 
(11) Map: Edible fats and oils reﬁ ning plants, with maximum 
capacity by region, 1975. Continued. Address: USDA 

=== PAGE 206 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   206
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Agricultural Cooperative Service (ACS). Phone: 202-475-
4929.
625. Dunn, John R.; Reynolds, B.J.; Eversull, E.E.; Skinner, 
R.A.; Thurston, S.K. 1982. Cooperative involvement and 
opportunities in oilseeds (Continued, Part II). ACS Research 
Report No. 13. v + 47 p. 28 cm. [28 ref]
• Summary: Continued: “Highlights and recommendations” 
(p. ii-iii): “Soybeans are the dominant oilseed crop 
representing 85.4% of total U.S. oilseed production in 
1979. Cottonseed accounted for 7.3%; sunﬂ owerseed 4.4%; 
peanuts 2.4%, and ﬂ axseed 0.5%.
 “The primary soybean producing regions were the 
Corn Belt with 54.9% of total production, Delta States with 
15.1%, and Lake States with 8.7%” [see map, p. 3].
 “Cooperatives operated 38 oilseed processing plants, 19 
of them soybean plants, 17 cottonseed plants, 1 peanut plant, 
and 1 sunﬂ owerseed / ﬂ axseed plant.
 “Total cooperative soybean crushing capacity was 280 
million bushels in 1979-80, representing a 20.7% share of 
U.S. crushing capacity and an 8.2% share of world crushing 
capacity. Cooperative soybean crushing capacity increased 
by 75% during the 1970s... Average plant capacity remained 
larger for cooperative than for noncooperative plants 
throughout the 1971-1979 period, though the difference 
decreased considerably.”
 “The Corn Belt had the largest share of U.S. total 
crushing capacity with 54.1%, followed by Appalachia with 
12.7% and Delta States with 11.2%.”
 “The four largest soybean processing ﬁ rms in terms of 
crushing capacity operated 54.5% of total U.S. capacity. The 
top eight ﬁ rms operated 75.1%, and the top 20 ﬁ rms operated 
96.4%. Eight of the top 20 soybean processing ﬁ rms are 
cooperatives.”
 “Local cooperatives handled about 40% of farm soybean 
sales over the 1970s. Regional cooperatives handled between 
19 and 28%, the bulk of which moved from local cooperative 
elevators.
 “Cooperatives delivered 32% of export soybeans to port 
locations and accounted for between 10 and 15% of direct 
soybean exports.”
 “This report focuses on the opportunities for U.S. 
cooperatives to improve their position in the oilseeds 
complex as they face increasing vertical integration and 
restructuring by large, competing noncooperative ﬁ rms.” 
The report makes ﬁ ve basic recommendations. In the section 
on “Oilseed Crushing” under “Soybeans” we read (p. 8): 
“In 1979, 86.5% of U.S. oilseed crushing capacity was for 
soybeans. Cooperatives operated 19 soybean processing 
plants for crop year 1979. Sixteen of these plants were 
solvent extraction and the remaining three were screw press 
plants.
 “The 19 soybean processing plants were owned by 
11 cooperative associations. Three cooperatives–Goldkist, 
Farmland Industries, and Land O’Lakes–operated three 
plants. Two cooperatives, Agri Industries and Riceland 
Foods, operated two plants. Within this group of multiple-
plant cooperatives were two associations that operated plants 
to crush other domestic oilseeds: Goldkist–peanuts, and GTA 
Honeymead–sunﬂ owerseed and ﬂ axseed.
 “Cooperative share of soybean crushing capacity 
showed an upward trend during the 1970’s (table 6) with 
cooperatives gaining 1.5 to 2.5 percent over the decade.
 “Total crushing capacity for the 19 cooperative soybean 
plants was 280 million bushels in 1979. This represented a 
20.7 percent share of total U.S. crushing capacity and an 8.2 
percent share of global crushing capacity. Capacity for the 16 
solvent extraction plants was 278.1 million bushels.
 “Since 1971, cooperative soybean crushing capacity 
has increased 75 percent. This compares to a 45 percent 
increase in noncooperative capacity and a 50 percent 
increase industry-wide. The increase in cooperative crushing 
capacity is due primarily to acquisition of new plants, though 
capacities increased at several cooperative plants.
 “The number of soybean crushing plants has decreased 
from 123 in 1971 to 94 in 1979.”
 Table 6 (p. 9) shows “Soybean crushing capacity–total 
cooperative and noncooperative. Cooperative share of 
crushing capacity, 1971-1979 crop years. Total U.S. annual 
soybean crushing capacity rose from 900 million bushels in 
1971 to 1,350 million in 1979. During this period, annual 
cooperative soybean crushing capacity increased from 160.2 
to 280.0 million bushels, while noncooperative soybean 
crushing capacity increased from 739.8 to 1,070.0. Thus, the 
cooperative share of total U.S. soybean crushing capacity 
rose from 17.8% in 1971 to 20.7% in 1979.
 Table 7 (p. 9) shows the changing number of soybean 
crushing mills and their annual crushing capacity, 1971-79 
marketing years. The total number such mills decreased from 
123 in 1971 to 94 in 1979. During this period, the number 
of co-op soybean mills increased from 15 to 19, whereas the 
number of nonco-op soybean mills decreased from 18 to 75. 
The average annual soybean crushing capacity increased 
from 7.3 million bushels in 1971 to 14.4 million bushels 
in 1979. During this period, the annual co-op capacity rose 
from 10.7 to 14.7, while the nonco-op capacity rose from 
6.8 to 14.3. Thus, co-op mills tended to be larger during this 
period.
 The names of various regional cooperative soybean 
processors are listed on p. 37. These include Far-Mar-Co, 
Gold Kist, Riceland Foods, and Soy-Cot Sales, Inc. Address: 
USDA Agricultural Cooperative Service (ACS). Phone: 202-
475-4929.
626. Soy Protein Council. 1982. Soy protein: Improving our 
food system. Washington, DC. 6 p. Bulletin 1/82/5000.
• Summary: An 1-page (front only) insert in this 1982 
printing (5,000 more copies were printed in Jan. 1982) gives 

=== PAGE 207 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   207
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
the name, address, contact information, and soy protein 
products made by each current manufacturer: ADM, Cargill, 
Central Soya Co., Grain processing Corp., Honeymead 
Products, Kraft, Inc., The Procter & Gamble Co., Ralston 
Purina Co., and A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co. Address: 
1800 M Street, N.W., Washington, DC 20036. Phone: 202-
467-6610.
627. Johnson, Dale. 1983. Statistics on soy protein 
production. Full-fat soy ﬂ our. Dawson Mills and Loma 
Linda. Central Soya (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. May 23. 
Conducted by Walter J. Wolf of NRRC, Peoria, Illinois.
• Summary: Estimates of soy protein production: Textured 
soy proteins (ﬂ ours or concentrates) 150-200 million lb/year. 
Isolates 120-150 million lb/yr, including: Ralston Purina 
(doing very well), ADM (having lots of problems), and Grain 
Processing Corp. (“sold out”). Much of the isolate made 
in the USA is being exported for use in meat products in 
Europe and Africa. About 10-20 million lb/year of the non-
exported isolate is used to make infant formulas in the USA 
by Mead Johnson, Ross Laboratories, and Syntex (Borden 
operation). A large amount of textured soy ﬂ our is still going 
into pet foods. Prices (dollars/lb): Soy ﬂ ours $0.13. Soy 
protein concentrates $0.40-0.60 (lower priced are for calf 
starters). Soy protein isolates $1.10 to $1.35.
 Full-fat soy ﬂ our: There is no signiﬁ cant production in 
the USA; in the past, production was several hundred tons/
month. Some is imported from Germany (Lucas Meyer).
 Dawson Mills: As of June 1, they will discontinue 
production of soy ﬂ our and grits, and textured soy ﬂ our. 
Loma Linda (California) purchased one of their two isolate 
spinning lines and was trying to have AMPI [American Milk 
Products, Inc.] run it for them [in Minnesota] using isolate 
purchased from elsewhere. Dale is not sure of the status of 
this project. Dan Hooten, formerly with Dawson Mills, is 
now apparently involved in sales of dairy products at Land 
O’Lakes (now located in Eau Claire, Wisconsin).
 Central Soya is no longer using their steam texturization 
process. Address: Food Ingredients (Minnesota), Inc., 2121 
Toledo Ave. North, Golden Valley, Minnesota 55422.
628. Hooten, Dan. 1983. Dawson Mills closing down their 
ﬂ our and grit operations (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. May 
24. Conducted by Walter J. Wolf of NRRC, Peoria, Illinois.
• Summary: Dawson Mills [as of June 1] will discontinue 
production of soy ﬂ our, soy grits, and textured soy ﬂ our, 
because the products are not selling well; the factory is 
located too far from the markets. They formerly shipped soy 
ﬂ our to the West Coast for PL-480 programs, but that market 
has dried up. Address: Industrial Sales, Land O’Lakes, Eau 
Clair, Wisconsin.
629. Hooten, Dan. 1983. Estimate of soy protein isolate 
capacities in the USA (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. May 24. 
Conducted by Walter J. Wolf of NRRC, Peoria, Illinois.
• Summary: He estimates the total capacity to be 100-110 
million lb/year, with individual company capacities as 
follows (in million pounds per year): Ralston Purina 70 at 
three plants (Pryor, Oklahoma 30; Memphis, Tennessee 20; 
Louisville, Kentucky 20). ADM 20-25. Grain Processing 
Corp. 14-15. Address: Industrial Sales, Land O’Lakes, Eau 
Clair, Wisconsin.
630. SoyaScan Notes. 1983. Honeymead’s production of 
defatted soy ﬂ ours and ﬂ akes (Overview). May 24. Compiled 
by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: According to Ed Senska, Honeymead makes no 
soy grits. Production of defatted ﬂ ours and ﬂ akes (in million 
pounds) is as follows: 1978–558. 1979–736. 1980–572. 
1981–616. This ﬂ our sells for $0.130 to $0.131/lb.
 Update: 19 Aug. 1986. Honeymead is still making 
defatted ﬂ our and ﬂ akes; the company makes no textured soy 
products. The selling price is still $0.13/lb. Some of these 
products go into milk replacers. They sell a very, very small 
amount to the plywood industry for use in glues.
631. Malone, Matt. 1983. Far-Mar-Co and Farmland 
Agriservices, Inc. (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. May 25. 
Conducted by Walter J. Wolf of NRRC, Peoria, Illinois.
• Summary: Far-Mar-Co is now part of Farmland 
Agriservices, Inc. They still produce soy ﬂ our (in St. Joseph, 
Missouri) and textured soy ﬂ our (in Hutchinson, Kansas). 
The capacity of their soy ﬂ 
our plant is 20,000 tons/year = 40 
million lb/year. No ﬁ gures are available on actual production 
of either commodity. Address: Farmland Agriservices, Inc., 
Hutchinson, Kansas. Phone: (316) 663-5711.
632. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1983. NOBS. 98(43):15. 
May 26.
• Summary: The following story was ﬁ rst published in 
the house paper of Land O’Lakes Inc. titled Beanery Bits. 
Well written, it is being reprinted here for the enjoyment of 
readers. “At Dawson: Vision marks plant’s story.”
 Contains a good, brief history of Dawson Mills. Note: 
The title of this column, “NOBS,” is based on the initials of 
its writer, Norman O. Bacon.
633. Foley, Terrence B. 1983. Work with soybeans and 
soyfoods in China (Continued–Part II) (Interview). In: 
William Shurtleff. 1983. Log of Soyfoods Research Trip to 
China and Japan: 29 May to 10 July. Lafayette, California: 
Soyfoods Center. 117 p. See p. 27-28. Unpublished 
manuscript.
• Summary: Continued. Soy oil: 90% is degummed crude, 
packed in 55 gallon drums and distributed by trucks. 
Shanghai is the leading center of oil reﬁ ning. Only 20% of 
China’s internal is solvent extracted; the rest is expelled. 
Largest plant is 350 tonnes/day, solvent extracting. Most are 

=== PAGE 208 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   208
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
50-150 tones/day. Oil is rationed. In retail shops it’s pumped 
out of 55-gallon drums into your personal bottle, about 1 
liter/month. Only about 5-10% of all soy oil in China is 
reﬁ ned, and much of that by commercial crushers.
 People in Northeast China and Shanghai like soy oil 
especially. Canton only uses peanut oil. It’s also a function 
of price. After reﬁ ning, they make margarine, shortening, 
and dressings in Shanghai. In China, there is a problem with 
sickness from eating raw veggies in salads.
 The Chinese are extremely conservative with food. They 
do not like foreign food. During his soymilk tour to Japan, 
the group ate no Japanese food at all on the trip. They found 
a Chinese restaurant for every meal!!!
 Do the Chinese prefer re ﬁ ned soy oil to crude?
 In 1997, the U.S. Wheat Association built a full-scale 
bakery in China. Ed Quinones and Dennis Blankenship 
were very excited about the potential of soymilk worldwide. 
Quinones is the regional manager for Asia and Latin 
America. He is Terry’s boss. A 6 man team & the American 
Soybeans Association agreed to build China a soymilk pilot 
plant. Now, they want a big one, with one factory equaling 
2,000 L/hr. Mr. Pan thinks 2,000 L/hr is the ideal plant size. 
The China soybean embargo also affects the ability to raise 
funds for the Chinese market. Everyone likes the idea but 
doesn’t have the money beyond $30,000 for the demo plant.
 Cyrus Eaton’s company pioneered trade with the 
Communists. It got together with Farmland, the largest 
agricultural co-op in the USA. Gene Vickers and Bob 
Bergland of Farmland-Eaton (in Crystal City, Virginia) are 
working on the Manchuria plant project. He is concerned that 
they may not be up to it. He hears that it’s off.
 Question #8. No idea; total blank. Only 5% of the 
soybeans in China are used for feed. There is a lot of urease 
and soybean trypsin inhibitors. A little soybean meal is still 
used for fertilizer. Most solvent extraction is done with 
variants of the Rotocel design, not the Desmet.
 Question #13. Everyone fries everything, like doufu and 
soy sauce. There is a great need for milk. Soy ﬂ our won’t 
succeed until the Ministry of Commerce does better toasting 
or does subsequent toasting in food plants. There is great 
potential in China for tofu and soymilk. The Chinese system 
“falls apart in the middle from bureaucratic sludge.”
 There are no trade associations in the Chinese soyfoods 
industry; this is one reason for the slowness to modernize.
 The Chinese don’t know much about soy protein isolates 
and concentrates, but they are convinced they can be used 
to advantage. They want to make them in China, not import 
them. They aren’t sure which applications are best. There are 
lots of applications for tofu and soymilk production. USA 
uses concentrates and isolates in modern foods; China has no 
modern foods.
 Alfa-Laval. The concept of offering soymilk to Beijing 
on a 1 year trial basis is still under discussion and isn’t yet 
ﬁ nalized. John Wilson will decide. It’s probably about 500 
liters/hr, not 2000 liters/hr. It’s not yet in the bag, at all. 
That project will not obviate the need for the American 
Soybean Association’s $30,000 pilot plant. In Shenyang 
and Shanghai, he’s not sure whether or not Alfa-Laval has 
contracts, but they have made some progress. These are 
autonomous municipalities, so they have their own funds.
 The crux of the American Soybean Association’s 
programs are teams and technical travel. Terry wants to draw 
more on East Asian trips. Countries are at various stages of 
development here, but the Chinese have no interest in low 
level technology. All third world countries must have the 
best, yet they espouse self-sufﬁ ciency, not small-is-beautiful. 
They eschew foreign or traditional things.
 Soybean acreage in China: Heilongjiang. World Bank. 
Heilongjiang is reducing soybean acreage by 20%.
 Exports from China: Exported meal. Low price, low 
quality. The cost of U.S. soybeans delivered to South China 
is probably less than the cost of soybeans “imported” from 
Heilongjiang.
 The Chinese have never imported much U.S. soybeans, 
around 500,000 tonnes maximum. They cut this off after the 
textile quotas squabble, only because it wasn’t important to 
them. This is a symbolic gesture. They could do without it. 
Terry expects they will be a net soybean importer over the 
next 5-10 years. Brazil has no export ofﬁ ce in China, but 
does have a few traders.
 Terry does not know how much soybeans are grown on 
the banks of rice paddies or about the Jilin seminar, as he 
was not invited. He’s not interested in Chinese expansion of 
soybean production and, like Susan, does not think it will 
expand much.
 American Soybean Association dispenses technology; 
China must receive and implement it.
 In Beijing, the Chinese eat fermented black soybeans 
when they have a fever.
 The word for “soybean” is da dou, not huang dou. Da 
dou fen refers to soy meal and cake. Dou bing is soybean 
cake.
 The American Soybean Association (ASA) is like an 
agricultural extension ofﬁ ce. They dispense publications and 
do translations.
 Foley does not now get Soyfoods magazine. What a 
shame.
 American Soybean Association is committed to 
upgrading Chinese soybeans and animal technology.
 There is a 25% discount on books bought by Foley from 
us. Send him a list of all of our books and check history 
materials.
 Foley would like Leviton to come to China when he 
visits East Asia but visas are nightmarish to get, as are hotel 
reservations.
 The tofu and soymilk production plant in Tientsin 
(which is Peking’s port) is under the Ministry of Commerce. 
Also, there are oil plants in the southern suburbs.

=== PAGE 209 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   209
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 We talked for a long time about the need for a Soyfoods 
Industry Directory in China, giving names, addresses, phone 
numbers, and key contact people of major organizations 
or researchers involved actively with soyfoods. We made 
a sample table of contents. Terry will follow up on this. 
Perhaps give it to Beth as a project. I met Beth in the Beijing 
Hotel that night and we discussed it. Address: Director, 
China Ofﬁ ce, American Soybean Assoc.
634. Soybean Digest. 1983. ASA Expo: July 31 to August 3. 
July/Aug. p. 25.
• Summary: This expo will be held at the Opryland Hotel in 
Nashville, Tennessee. Trade show exhibitors include: Asgrow 
Seed Company, Cargill Investor Services, Ciba-Geigy 
Corp., Coker’s Pedigreed Seed Co., Computerized Farm 
Info, Systems Inc., ContiCommodity Services Inc., DeKalb-
Pﬁ zer Genetics, DuPont, Elanco Products Co., Funk Seeds 
International, Monsanto Agri. Products Co., North American 
Plant Breeders, Northrup King Co., On-Farm Computing 
Inc., Pioneer Hi-Bred International Inc., Riceland Foods, 
Rohm and Haas Company, Sandoz, Inc., Soybean Research 
Foundation, Inc., Chicago Board of Trade, and many others.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Sept. 2020) 
that mentions DeKalb-Pﬁ zer Genetics.
635. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Staley (A.E.) Manufacturing 
Company.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Mexico, Missouri.
Date of Introduction:  1983 August.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Sinclair, Ward. 1983. 
“Heat, drought, spider mites ruining Missouri ﬁ elds, 
farmers.” Washington Post. Aug. 31. p. A3. A.E. Staley Co. 
has a soybean mill in nearby Mexico, Missouri.
 Note: The ‘83 Soya Bluebook shows M.F.A. owning this 
plant. The ‘84 Soya Bluebook has no listing for this plant. 
The ‘85 Soya Bluebook shows ADM owning this plant. Yet 
ADM bought it from A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co. See: J. 
of the American Oil Chemists’ Soc. 1985. “Soy pioneer bows 
out, others grow bigger.” March. p. 474, 476.
 Letter (e-mail) from William Lester. 2005. Sept. 11. The 
MFA plant in Mexico, Missouri, was later operated by A.E. 
Staley, then purchased from Staley in about 1985 by ADM.
636. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 1983. Name change 
made at soybean processing plant. 99(7):1. Sept. 15.
• Summary: Effective 1 Sept. 1983 the Land O’Lakes 
soybean processing plant in Dawson experienced a name 
change because of the merger of the cooperative soybean 
processing plants of Land O’Lakes, Farmland Industries, and 
Boone Valley. The local business will temporarily be known 
as Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association, Inc. 
Locally it will called simply Boone Valley-Dawson. The 
headquarters ofﬁ ce for the six soybean processing plants 
involved in the merger will be in Omaha, Nebraska.
 “The name change will apply also to the soybean 
processing plant at Sheldon, Iowa, also formerly owned 
by Land O’Lakes.” The Boone Valley name has also been 
assigned to the soybean processing plants at Eagle Grove, 
Iowa; St. Joseph, Missouri; Sergeant Bluff, Iowa; and Van 
Buren, Arkansas.
 The plants at Van Buren (Arkansas), St. Joseph 
(Missouri), and Sergeant Bluff (Iowa), had previously been 
a division of Farmland Industries. The Eagle Grove plant 
had previously been Boone Valley’s only soybean processing 
plant. Some 700 employees are part of the six plant 
cooperative. No changes are anticipated at the Dawson plant.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) 
describing the creation of the cooperative soybean processing 
company that would soon (March 1984) become known as 
Ag Processing Inc. (AGP).
637. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Van Buren, Arkansas.
Date of Introduction:  1983 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. 
Soybeans, Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, 
Arizona: Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 69-75, 
153-172. This plant was previously owned by Farmland 
Industries, Inc. The name Ag Processing Inc (AGP) was 
formally adopted on 7 March 1984.
638. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Dawson, Minnesota.
Date of Introduction:  1983 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. 
Soybeans, Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, 
Arizona: Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 51-68, 153-
172. This plant was previously owned by Land O’Lakes. The 
name Ag Processing Inc (AGP) was formally adopted on 7 
March 1984.
639. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufactur
er’s Address:  Sheldon, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1983 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.

=== PAGE 210 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   210
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. 
Soybeans, Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, 
Arizona: Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 25-40, 153-
172. This plant was previously owned by Land O’Lakes. The 
name Ag Processing Inc (AGP) was formally adopted on 7 
March 1984.
640. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Sergeant Bluff, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1983 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. 
Soybeans, Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, 
Arizona: Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 77-86, 
153-172. This plant was previously owned by Farmland 
Industries, Inc. The name Ag Processing Inc (AGP) was 
formally adopted on 7 March 1984.
641. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufacturer’s Address:  St. Joseph, Missouri.
Date of Introduction:  1983 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. 
Soybeans, Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, 
Arizona: Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 87-102, 
153-172. This plant was previously owned by Farmland 
Industries, Inc. The name Ag Processing Inc (AGP) was 
formally adopted on 7 March 1984.
642. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Fort Dodge, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1983 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. 
Soybeans, Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, 
Arizona: Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 41-50, 
153-172. This plant was previously owned by Plymouth 
Processing Mills, Cargill, Felco, then Land O’Lakes. The 
name Ag Processing Inc (AGP) was formally adopted on 7 
March 1984.
643. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Eagle Grove, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1983 September.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. 
Soybeans, Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, 
Arizona: Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 135-151, 
153-172. This plant was previously owned by Boone 
Valley Cooperative Processing Association. The name Ag 
Processing Inc (AGP) was formally adopted on 7 March 
1984.
644. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1983. Boone Valley Co-op 
names chief exec. Oct. 19. p. 5A.
• Summary: James W. Lindsay, age 49, of Decatur, Illinois, 
has been named general manager and CEO of “Boone Valley 
Cooperative Processing Association, Omaha, a newly-formed 
soybean processing cooperative,... Lindsay has been serving 
as manager, operations, of the Archer Daniels Midland Co., 
Decatur, Illinois. His appointment as manager of the new 
company is effective October 24, 1983.
 “The new venture began operation September 1, 
1983, following uniﬁ cation of the soybean operations of 
three regional cooperatives including Boone Valley,” Land 
O’Lakes, and Farmland Industries.
 A native of Des Moines, Iowa, Lindsay attended Drake 
University [Des Moines, but did not graduate], then served 
in the U.S. Army from 1956-1958. Lindsay comes to Boone 
Valley after “a 25-year career in oilseed and grains sales, 
production and transportation. He began his career in the 
trafﬁ c department of Spencer Kellogg & Sons, Des Moines, 
Iowa, in 1958, moving through a series of trafﬁ c and 
sales positions. In 1961 he joined Archer Daniels Midland 
Company (ADM).
 
“With ADM, Lindsay held positions as general manager 
of soybean operations in Fredonia, Kansas, and Lincoln, 
Nebraska; manager, export sales; regional manager, soybean 
operations; vice president, soy processing group; president 
of ADM’s soy operations in Brazil; manager, general trafﬁ c 
department; and vice president, corn sweetener operations, 
Cedar Rapids, Iowa; before assuming his most recent 
position in 1980.
 One of the top priorities for the new CEO and board will 
be the selection of a new corporate name for the uniﬁ ed soy 
processing venture.
 “The new company, headquartered in the First National 
Bank Building in Omaha, Nebraska, operates processing 
facilities in Eagle Grove, Sergeant Bluff, Fort Dodge, and 
Sheldon, Iowa; St. Joseph, Missouri; Dawson, Minnesota; 
and Van Buren, Arkansas.
 “Lindsay will report to the Boone Valley Board of 
Directors,” whose names and afﬁ liations are given.
645. Bentsen, Beth. 1983. “French plant” closes for second 

=== PAGE 211 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   211
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
time. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). Nov. 2. p. 3A.
• Summary: Boone Valley Cooperative Processing 
Association’s “French plant,” their older and less efﬁ cient 
processing facility, closed last Wednesday [Oct. 26] “for an 
indeﬁ nite period,” but not permanently, according to General 
Manager Bill Lester. Unproﬁ tability and weak demand 
throughout the soybean industry was given as the reason for 
the shutdown. This is the 2nd French plant shutdown this 
year.
 “The French plant had been closed March 30 and was 
not reopened until Aug. 15. That closing resulted in the 
loss of employment for six workers who had been hired on 
a temporary basis in December 1982” and January 1983. 
Lester was unsure if any layoffs would result from last 
week’s shutdown; a decision would be made soon. Lester 
said that before last Wednesday, “one-third of all Boone 
Valley’s soybean processing was being done at the French 
plant.”
 Letter (e-mail) from Bill Lester in response to questions 
from Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center. 2005. Aug. 22. The 
plant described in this article plant located on the site in 
Eagle Grove. It was called the “French plant” because the 
French Oil Mill Machinery Co. (Piqua, Ohio) designed 
and manufactured the extractor and a lot of the milling 
equipment. Most plants built today are referred to as “Crown 
plants,” designed by Crown Iron Works Co. (Minneapolis, 
Minnesota), from Joe Givens’ original ideas.
 The original French solvent extraction plant was built 
in the early 1960s [it opened in late 1969] as a replacement 
for the old expellers. It processed 1,500 tons/day of soybeans 
operated by Boone Valley prior to the 1982-83 building of 
the new plant and energy center. After this plant was shut 
down in 1983, it never reopened. It was later dismantled 
and the current vegetable oil reﬁ nery occupies this space. 
Address: News editor.
646. Eagle Grove Eagle (Iowa). 1983. Soybean residue 
ignites at Boone Valley. Dec. 7. p. 16A.
• Summary: On Wednesday afternoon, about 200 pounds 
of soybean meal burned at Boone Valley’s new soybean 
processing plant, according to plant marketing manager 
Bill Lester. The ﬁ re was conﬁ ned to the meal, which was 
contained in a steam heated dryer. The ﬁ re ﬁ ghters put 
out the ﬁ re “almost immediately,” according to Lester. 
Fireﬁ ghters were concerned that the ﬁ re might ignite the 
volatile hexane solvent gas used in the new plant, but it did 
not.
 Boone Valley is presently operating on cycle of 10 days 
of production followed by 4 days idle. A photo by John 
Niebergall shows a ﬁ re engine outside the plant; it is dark 
and snow is on the ground.
647. Archer Daniels Midland Co. 1983. Annual report. P.O. 
Box 1470, Decatur, IL 62525. 33 p. 27 cm.
• Summary:  Net sales for 1983 (the year ended June 30) 
were $4,291.957 million, up 15.6% from $3,712.977 million 
in 1982. Net earnings for 1982 were $110.185 million, down 
28.1% from $154.99 million in 1982.
 Page 2: Operating report: “Meanwhile the governments 
of all other grain exporting countries are encouraging record 
grain production through subsidized exports. Some examples 
are:...
 “Brazilian export subsidies have made Brazil the 
cheapest source of soybean oil and meal, frozen poultry and 
alcohol.
 “Spanish export subsidies have made Spain the third 
largest exporter of soybean oil and a growing exporter of 
soybean meal.
 “Malaysian export subsidies for processed palm oil 
lower the whole world price structure for edible oils.
 “Even Portugal has become a signi ﬁ cant exporter of 
soybean oil and meal under the impetus of export subsidies.”
 Page 4 is all about Mr. Albert C. Toepfer. Below 
a nice portrait photo of him we read: “Mr. Alfred C. 
Toepfer, founder and Honorary Chairman of Alfred C. 
Toepfer International (ACTI). By successfully managing 
ACTI’s growth during a turbulent period of over 60 years, 
Mr. Toepfer established his reputation as the ‘Dean of 
World Agri-Trade.’ He is also a respected worldwide 
philanthropist.”
 “Mr. Toepfer began his trading business in the Fall of 


=== PAGE 212 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   212
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
1919 purchasing excess hay and straw from the large farms 
of Salle, an area now divided by East Germany and Poland, 
and carting it to Hamburg where it was baled and exported 
to ﬁ ber deﬁ cient Western European nations. From this 
inception, Mr. Toepfer developed a powerful world trading 
organization which by 1979 shipped nearly 25 million tons 
of grain and feedstuffs. In 1979, Mr. Toepfer sold 50 percent 
of his company to Intrade, a partnership of 11 dynamic 
cooperatives representing over 1,700,000 farmers from both 
sides of the Atlantic. Their common goal was to combine 
reliable supplies with formidable demand through the efforts 
of free and unrestricted trade.
 “The following farmer-owned cooperatives are our new 
partners through Intrade in Toepfer International:
 “Agway Inc., Syracuse, New York, U.S.A.
 “Cebeco Handelsraad, Rotterdam, Netherlands
 “Citrus World Inc., North Wales, FL [Lake Wales, 
Florida], U.S.A.
 “Deutsche Raiffeisen Warenzentrale (DRWZ), 
Frankfurt/Main, Germany
 “DSV-SILO-und Verwaltungsgesellschaft MBH., 
Duisburg, Germany
 “Gold Kist, Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.A.
 “Indiana Farm Bureau Cooperative Assoc., Inc., 
Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.A.
 “Landmark Inc., Columbus, Ohio, U.S.A.
 “Land O’Lakes Inc., Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S.A.
 “Union Nationale des Cooperatives Agricoles de 
Cereales (UNCAC), Paris, France
 “United Co-operatives of Ontario (UCO), Ontario, 
Canada
 “Our opportunity to join Toepfer and the cooperatives 
in this partnership in 1982 was no coincidence. ADM buys 
nearly half of its raw materials from cooperatives. More than 
half of our European customers are cooperatives. Together, 
we now have annual sales of over 30 billion dollars and 
execute over 30 million tons of export trade. At any given 
time we may have as many as 100 vessels at sea carrying out 
our international business. It is from this base that Toepfer 
International intends to expand and prosper. ADM has 
beneﬁ ted from the young and experienced management team 
of ACTI, personally trained by Mr. Toepfer, and reﬂ ecting 
nearly 65 years of accumulated trading wisdom. Led by Mr. 
Johanne Tonder (see color portrait photo, p. 1), Managing 
Director, the aggressive team of ACTL traders headquartered 
in Hamburg, Germany, Their 48 ofﬁ ces and agents around 
the world give them access to virtually every major supplier 
and customer on the globe. ACTI is one of the largest 
exporters of South American, Thai, Australian and European 
grain and agricultural products in addition to maintaining 
a solid North American base. This enables them to serve 
customers from all markets giving them essential ﬂ exibility 
of trade and access to lowest-cost suppliers at all times.
 “Their sophisticated and disciplined approach to 
trading has enhanced ADM’s own operations. We have 
tied our communications systems together, forming a 
worldwide network with instant access to trading activity 
and information throughout the world. Their knowledge 
and experience in international currency exchange activities 
have already proven invaluable to our staff in the face of the 
crippling impact of the high U.S. dollar on U.S. products in 
the world markets.
 “ACTI owns signiﬁ  cant equities in various facilities 
around the globe. Equity interests in a tidewater oil mill in 
Germany as well as European ﬂ our mills, tapioca facilities in 
Thailand and elevators and loading facilities throughout the 
world provide ACTI and ADM with enhanced trading and 
transportation opportunities.
 “Through ACTI we enjoy strong trade ties with all 
nations. Our relationship will enable us to capitalize on the 
export subsidies provided by the governments of Brazil, 
Spain, Portugal, Malaysia, Argentina, the EEC and other 
countries for grain and processed products. While U.S. 
foreign trade policy has closed many doors to U.S. traders, 
it has opened the ﬂ oodgate of production and trade for 
competing countries.
 “ACTI has ﬁ rsthand experience in coping with the 
impact of individual nations’ agricultural and trade policies. 
Together with ACTI we are now in a position to beneﬁ t from 
the abnormal trade ﬂ ows created by subsidies and other 
government actions.
 “More importantly, by having access to supplies outside 
the U.S. ADM through ACTI can maintain an image and 
record of dependability with all of the hungry nations of the 
world.”
 Page 22: “Note 1–Business Acquisitions:
 “Effective December 1982, the Company purchased 
for cash a substantial minority interest in Alfred C. Toepefer 
International and related companies, an international 
commodity trading group based in Hamburg, West Germany. 
The Company’s equity in the net earnings of Toepfer since 
the acquisition date is included in other income.” Address: 
Decatur, Illinois.
648. Product Name:  Ultra-Soy (Textured Soy Flour), and 
Textured Soy Protein.
Manufacturer’s Name:  PMS Foods, Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  2701 E. 11th St., P.O. Box 1099, 
Hutchinson, KS 67504.
Date of Introduction:  1983.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1987. p. 
74. Note: PMS Food Inc. was formerly the part of Farmland 
and Far-Mar-Co that made TVP.
649. Wolf, Walter J. 1984. The soy protein isolate industry 
in America in 1983 (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. March 2. 
Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Dr. Wolf talked with Dan Hooten who is now 

=== PAGE 213 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   213
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
with Land O’Lakes, but who used to be with Dawson Mills. 
Land O’Lakes bought Dawson Mills several years ago. 
The following are Hooten’s estimates of the capacities of 
America’s largest isolate manufacturers in 1983:
 Ralston Purina, 70 million lb/year. The company has 
3 plants: Prior, Oklahoma, 30 million lb/year. Louisville, 
Kentucky, 20 million lb/year. And Memphis, Tennessee, 20 
million lb/year.
 ADM (Archer Daniels Midland), 20-25 million lb/year.
 Grain Processing Corp., 14-15 million lb/year.
 Thus the total capacity of the top 3 U.S. companies is 
104-110 million lb/year (47,200 to 49,800 metric tons/year). 
Some of these isolate products are exported. A.E. Staley 
Mfg. Co. began to make isolates about 1 year ago. Hooten 
does not know their capacity. Address: Northern Regional 
Research Center, Peoria, Illinois.
650. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). 1984. Satellite 
provides instant tab on grain market. March 15. p. 15D.
• Summary: In Sept. 1983 Honeymead installed a satellite 
and nine monitors so that company traders in Mankato could 
receive up-to-the-minute commodities market information. A 
large photo shows Honeymead’s ofﬁ ce with traders, phones, 
and ofﬁ ces. A small photo shows Stan Eichten, Honeymead 
general manager. Since soybean prices on the Chicago 
Board of Trade can rise or fall as much as $0.30/bushel in 
ﬁ ve hectic minutes (often based on weather reports or world 
events), that can mean a $5,000 proﬁ t or loss on a 15,000 
bushel contract.
 Originally prices came over ticker tapes and they were 
written on blackboards by hand. Next came telephones. The 
switch to satellites made gathering commodities information 
less expensive. A 12-inch monitor can be leased for $225/
month, with each additional costing only $30/month.
 Note: In about 1960, Dwayne and Lowell Andreas 
sold Honeymead to GTA (also a co-op). In June 1983 
GTA merged with North Paciﬁ c Grain Growers (NPGG, 
headquartered in Portland, Oregon) to form Harvest States 
Cooperatives. Therefore, Honeymead is now part of Harvest 
States.
651. Frisch, Carlienne. 1984. Challenge and variety keep 
oil loader interested in job [at Honeymead]. Land (The) 
(Southern Minnesota) 8(13):1+. March 19.
• Summary: Photos show Jon Lageson as he: (1) Loads a 
rail car with soy oil. (2) checks oil supplies on a computer 
screen. Address: The Land Editor.
652. Wolf, W.J. 1984. Present status of edible soybean 
protein products in the United States. In: S. Wong, et al., 
eds. 1984. Proceedings of the Second U.S.-China Soybean 
Symposium. Washington, DC: USDA OICD. xix + 464 p. 
See p. 169-92. [30 ref]
• Summary: Contents: Introduction. Protein products: 
Grits and ﬂ ours, concentrates, isolates, textured products, 
traditional Oriental soyfoods. Processing: Grits and 
ﬂ ours (full-fat ﬂ ours, defatted grits and ﬂ ours), protein 
concentrates, protein isolates, textured protein products 
(ﬂ ours, concentrates, isolates), Oriental products. Producers 
and production estimates: Producers. Food uses of soybean 
proteins: Functional uses, nutritional uses, factors limiting 
food uses, soy ﬂ our and grit uses, concentrate uses, isolate 
uses.
 Table 2 shows “U.S. producers of edible soy protein 
products” in tabular form. The companies are listed 
alphabetically:
 ADM: Flours, concentrates, isolates, textured ﬂ ours, 
textured isolates.
 Cargill: Flours, textured ﬂ ours.
 Central Soya: Flours, concentrates, textured ﬂ ours, 
textured concentrates.
 Farmland Industries: Flours, textured ﬂ ours.
 Grain Processing Corp.: Isolates
 Grifﬁ  th Laboratories: Concentrates, textured ﬂ ours.
 Honeymead Products: Flours.
 Lauhoff Grain: Flours, textured ﬂ ours.
 Ralston Purina: Isolates, textured ﬂ ours, textured 
isolates.
 A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co.: Flours, concentrates, 
isolates (b), textured ﬂ ours, textured concentrates.
 Worthington Foods, Inc.: Textured concentrates (c), 
textured isolates (d).
 a = Flours (untextured) includes grits and ﬂ akes
 b = Regular and protease modi ﬁ ed forms.
 c = Meat analogs containing soy protein concentrate 
plus isolate.
 d = Meat analogs containing spun soy protein isolate.
 Table 4 shows annual production estimates (in metric 
tons or tonnes, obtained from industry sources for 1982), and 
selling prices (as of May 1983) for edible soybean protein 
products in the USA: Defatted soy ﬂ our and grits 159,000 
tonnes ($0.32-$0.33/kg), textured soy ﬂ ours 43,000 tonnes 
($0.59-$0.77/kg), soy protein concentrates 36,000 tonnes 
($0.88-$1.32/kg), textured soy protein concentrates 4,000 
tonnes ($1.32/kg), soy protein isolates 41,000 tonnes ($2.42-
$2.97/kg). Address: ARS/USDA.
653. Food Pr
ocessing (Chicago). 1984. Plants & laboratories 
[Far-Mar-Co]. July. p. 18.
• Summary: In a patent infringement case involving textured 
soy ﬂ our, a U.S. District Court in Wichita, Kansas, has ruled 
in favor of Ralston Purina Co. (St. Louis, Missouri). The 
court issued an injunction against Far-Mar-Co, Inc. (Kansas 
City), to prevent it from making or selling this textured 
soy product. The court also found Far-Mar-Co guilty of 
international patent infringement.
654. Food Processing (Chicago). 1984. Plants & 

=== PAGE 214 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   214
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Laboratories: A U.S. District Court has ruled in favor of 
Ralston Purina Co.,... July. p. 18.
• Summary: “... St. Louis, Missouri, in a patent infringement 
case involving the company’s textured vegetable protein 
processed product. The court issued an injunction against 
Far-Mar-Co, Inc., Kansas City, from further manufacturing 
or selling its soybean-based product.”
 Far-Mar-Co was also found guilty of international patent 
infringement.
655. Leidahl, Roy. 1984. New soy co-op makes cuts, expects 
proﬁ ts. Feedstuffs 56(35):1, 31. Aug. 20.
• Summary: In Sept. 1983 Ag Processing, with headquarters 
in Omaha, Nebraska, was formed by a partial merger of 
three farmers’ cooperatives: Boone Valley Coop Assoc., 
Farmland Industries, and Land O’Lakes. Soybean crushing 
will be the primary business of the new company. The new 
ﬁ rm reportedly controls 9% of the U.S. soybean processing 
industry through its 6 midwestern mills. A photo shows 
James Lindsay, AGP’s CEO.
 Note: This is the earliest published document seen (Nov. 
2021) that mentions Ag Processing Inc. Address: Feedstuffs 
Asst. Managing Editor.
656. Malone, Matt. 1984. Farmland [Agriservices] sold its 
textured soy ﬂ our operation to PMS Foods, Inc. (Interview). 
SoyaScan Notes. Aug. 27. Conducted by Walter J. Wolf of 
NRRC, Peoria, Illinois.
• Summary: The sale took place in August 1983. PMS makes 
Ultra-Soy textured soy ﬂ our under license from Ralston 
Purina Co. Address: Farmland, Hutchinson, Kansas. Phone: 
(316) 663-5711.
657. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1984. Annual 
report. 11235 Davenport St., Omaha, Nebraska 68154. 20 p. 
28 cm.
• Summary: Contents: Financial highlights (inside front 
cover). History & mission. To our stockholders: Report by 
Urban Knobbe, Chairman of the board of directors. CEO 
and General Manager’s report (by James W. Lindsay). Fiscal 
year highlights. Financial reports. Soybean processing plants 
& management (for each of the six plants shows a photo 
of the plant manager, merchandising manager, and aerial 
view of the plant). Directors & ofﬁ cers (for each of nine 
men shows a portrait photo and gives the name, age, and a 
brief biographical sketch. They are: Urban Knobbe, Kenneth 
Nielsen, Ralph Hofstad, James Higgs, James Bauler, 
Eldon Peterson, Larry Wright, Robert Merkle, Don Frye). 
Stockholders (map showing locations of local cooperative 
members (dot), regional cooperative members (star), and 
AGP processing plants (hollow square) in approximate 
descending order of number of members–Iowa, Minnesota, 
South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri, Wisconsin, 
Oklahoma, Arkansas, and North Dakota).
 Sales for 1984 (year ended Aug. 31) were $896.164 
million, 4.33 times as much a the $206.759 in 1983. Earnings 
before taxes: $2.048 million, versus a loss of $5.330 million 
in 1983.
 “Our history: The AGP story began 41 years ago with 
the formation of Boone Valley Cooperative Processing 
Association in Eagle Grove, Iowa.
 “AGP assumed its present size with a major 
reconﬁ guration on August 31, 1983. On that date, Boone 
Valley purchased soybean processing plants in Dawson, 
Minnesota, and Sheldon and Fort Dodge, Iowa, from Land 
O’Lakes, Inc. and soybean plants in Van Buren, Arkansas, 
Sergeant Bluff, Iowa, and St. Joseph, Missouri, from 
Farmland Industries. The St. Joseph facility includes a soy 
ﬂ our manufacturing plant.
 “The corporate name was changed to Ag Processing 
Inc a cooperative on March 7, 1984. A new logo AGP was 
also approved. We remain an Iowa corporation with our 
headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska.
 “Our mission: We are committed to serve cooperatives 
and agricultural producers by performing the business 
functions of acquisition, processing, and marketing of 
soybeans and soybean products.” Logos show Land O’Lakes, 
Boone Valley, a cooperative, and AGP. Portrait photos show: 
Urban Knobbe, James W. Lindsay, Anthony L. Porter, Joseph 
L. Meyer, Daryl Dahl, James Yeates, Kenneth J. McQueen, 
Gordon V . Dorff, William C. Lester, Ronald O. Ostby, Tim 
E. Witty, Michael C. Reed (Information Systems Manager; 
they have a decentralized system of minicomputers, 
complemented by microcomputers). Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska.
658. Ingram, Ron. 1984. Staley may sell bean mills. Herald 
& Review (Central Illinois). Nov. 14. p. 1, A3.
• Summary: “The A.E. Staley Mfg. Co. of Decatur is having 
an analysis completed on its soybean processing operations 
with an eye to possibly selling facilities in ﬁ ve states.
 “Sale of the bean milling and re ﬁ ning operations would 
have more of a psychological impact on Decatur than an 
economic one.
 “That is because Staley closed its Decatur soybean mill 
last December, causing the loss of 50 jobs. The mill had 
a daily crushing capacity of 125,000 bushels and was the 
largest of the ﬁ rm’s six bean processing plants.
 “But Staley has been linked with soybean’s since its 
beginning as a commercial crop. Company founder Augustus 
E. Staley Sr. was the person most responsible for introducing 
the soybean to Illinois farmers and encouraging them to 
grow it.
 “Subsidies by foreign governments of soybean 
production and exports, coupled with a strong U.S. dollar 
abroad, have sharply curtailed demand for U.S. soybean 
exports. This has left U.S. processors with reduced proﬁ ts 
and excess production capacity during most of the 1980s.

=== PAGE 215 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   215
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “Merrill Lynch Capital Markets has been retained 
by Staley to ‘analyze and explore alternatives’ relating to 
soybean processing operations, the company announced 
Tuesday.
 “Facilities under analysis are a bean crushing and oil 
reﬁ ning complex in Des Moines, Iowa, and four soybean 
processing plants in Champaign [Illinois]; Fostoria, Ohio; 
Frankfort, Indiana, and Mexico, Missouri. Daily crushing 
capacity at the ﬁ ve mills is about 275,000 bushels.
 “Hopefully, there will be several options suggested 
by Merrill Lynch, said G. David Satterﬁ eld, Staley vice 
president of corporate relations. He declined to speculate 
what those might be and said he could not give a timetable 
for a Merrill Lynch report to Staley. Satterﬁ eld said there 
are no future plans for the Decatur soybean mill. He said no 
matter what Staley eventually decides to do with its soybean 
operations, an oil reﬁ nery at the Decatur plant will remain 
because it reﬁ nes corn oil as well as soybean oil.
 “The Decatur soybean facilities are not included in the 
analysis Merrill Lynch is completing, Satterﬁ eld said.
 “’The company has said the oil re ﬁ nery would continue 
to run,’ said Terry Crowell, vice president of Allied Industrial 
Workers union Local 837, which represents hourly Staley 
workers.
 Crowell said the company labor relations department 
Tuesday morning informed the union of the operations 
analysis and the potential for selling the operations.
 “’I don’t know yet how it will affect Decatur,’ Crowell 
said. ‘It may not affect us much.’
 “Satter ﬁ eld said Staley’s soybean operations were 
proﬁ table for the ﬁ scal year that ended Sept. 30, but he 
declined to give ﬁ gures. He said revenues from soybean 
operations were in excess of $700 million for ﬁ scal 1984.
 “If Staley decides to sell its soybean operations, the 
consensus among market analysts Tuesday was that the 
‘move would be positive and would strengthen the Decatur 
ﬁ rm in the long run.
 “Staley recently has sold its specialty feeds division and 
acquired a one-third interest in a California-based maker of 
enzyme products.
 “It also has entered into a merger agreement with CFS 
Continental Inc., a Chicago-based ﬁ rm which is No. 2 
nationally among food service industry suppliers.
 “Analysts said sale of the soybean operations would be 
one more step in what appears to be an ongoing restructuring 
at Staley.” Address: Herald & Review Farm / Business 
Writer.
659. Mills, Harold E. 1984. Construction of soybean oil 
reﬁ nery here planned. St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri). 
Nov. 22. p. 1, 3A.
• Summary: Ag Processing Inc (a farm cooperative with 
headquarters at Omaha, Nebraska) has announced the 
construction of a reﬁ nery at 900 Lower Lake Road to process 
the output of the company’s soybean processing plant there. 
Work on the new plant is to start immediately.
 The local plant now processes about 70,000 bushels of 
soybeans daily. The reﬁ nery will have a capacity of 12 rails 
cars, or 720,000 lb, of reﬁ ned soybean oil a day. Address: 
Business writer.
660. Peng, I.C.; Quass, D.W.; Dayton, W.R.; Allen, C.E. 
1984. The physicochemical and functional properties 
of soybean 11S globulin–A review. Cereal Chemistry 
61(6):480-90. Nov/Dec. [113 ref]
• Summary: “The soybean globulin called 11S protein or 
glycinin is the major soybean protein in terms of quantity 
and most importantly, in terms of functionality. The 
physicochemical characteristics of 11S protein relate directly 
to its functional properties.”
 “Soybean proteins were initially classi ﬁ ed according to 
ultracentrifugal analysis into 2S, 7S, 11S, and 15S fractions 
(Naismith 1955, Wolf and Briggs 1956).” Address: 1. Food 
Science Dep., Purdue Univ., W. Lafayette, Indiana 47907; 2. 
Land O’Lakes Corp., Minneapolis, Minnesota 55440; 3-4. 
Minnesota Agric. Exp. Station, St. Paul, MN 55108.
661. Staley (A.E.) Manufacturing Co. 1984. Annual report. 
2200 Eldorado St., Decatur, IL 62525. 47 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Page 1: For the year ended 30 Sept. 1984: 
Net sales: $2,139.835 million, up from 1983. Net earnings: 
$36.659 million, way up from 1983. Net earnings per 
common share: $1.26, way up from 1983.
 Page 13:
 “Soybean milling shows improvement: The Company’s 
AgriProducts Group–which encompasses oilseed milling 
operations, the Staley reﬁ ned oils division and country 
elevator subsidiaries–made signiﬁ cant improvement in 1984.
 “The most marked change was in soybean processing, 
which moved from an operating loss in 1983 to a proﬁ t in 
1984.
 “There were several reasons for the improved results, 
including shortages in domestic cottonseed oil and foreign 
palm oil along with increased demand for soybean oil. The 
depressed export market for U.S. soybean meal, combined 
with regional shortfalls in soybean supplies, forced a 
signiﬁ cant shutdown of U.S. soybean milling capacity. The 
reduction resulted in improved margins for those locations 
with adequate soybean supplies and the ability to serve 
domestic meal markets.
 “All Staley soybean plants fell in this category with the 
exception of the Decatur facility, which ceased operations 
in January 1984 for an indeﬁ nite period. The plant was the 
Company’
s poorest in geographic relationship to domestic 
meal markets and was dependent on the export market. The 
situation was compounded by an excess of soybean milling 
capacity in the area.
 “Other Staley soybean mills are located in Champaign, 

=== PAGE 216 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   216
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Illinois; Des Moines, Iowa; Fostoria, Ohio; Frankfort, 
Indiana; and Mexico, Missouri. In total, these mills have a 
crushing capacity of some 275,000 bushels daily. Unlike the 
Decatur facility, they have adequate local soybean supplies 
and are well situated to serve domestic markets.
 “Soybean processing proﬁ  tability to continue: Soybean 
milling results for 1985 are expected to be similar to those of 
the past year–modestly proﬁ table even though the industry 
will continue to operate at an historically low level of 
capacity.”
 Page 36: Other–”On November 13, 1984, the Company 
announced that it retained an outside consultant to analyze 
and explore alternatives relating to its soybean processing 
operations, including their possible sale. Net sales from 
soybean operations were in excess of $700,000,000 in ﬁ scal 
1984.” Address: Decatur, Illinois.
662. Product Name:  Lecithin [Lecigran (Granular Deoiled), 
Lecisoy, Leciprime, Lecikote, Lecisperse, Lecicap, and 
Magnasperse; Deoiled Granules, Powders, and Reﬁ ned 
Lecithins].
Manufacturer’s Name:  Riceland Foods. Soy Specialties 
Div.
Manufacturer’s Address:  650 S. Shakleford Rd., Little 
Rock, AR 72211. Main ofﬁ ce: Stuttgart, Arkansas.
Date of Introduction:  1984.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1984. 
p. 55. “For dietary, pharmaceutical, food, industrial and 
magnetic media applications.” Soya Bluebook. 1986. p. 
81. Only Leciprime lecithin and lecithin granules is listed. 
Company is now Riceland Foods, Inc. at 2120 S. Park Ave., 
P.O. Box 926, Stuttgart, AR 72160; 1987. p. 67. Company 
is now at 10800 Financial Parkway, Suite 380, P.O. Box 
8201, Little Rock, Arkansas 72212. Products are Lecigran, 
Leciprime, and Lecikote.
663. Benson, Morris; Krugerud, Mary. 1984. Dawson 
Minnesota centennial: History–The ﬁ rst 100 years, 
1884-1984. Dawson, Minnesota: Dawson History Book 
Committee. 228 p. Illust. 28 cm. See p. 7-8, 45-53.
• Summary: A chronology of the city of Dawson, Minnesota, 
states: 1951 Nov. 26–Dawson Mills (Tri County Soybean) 
begun [operating]. 1979–Isolate plant ribbon cutting 
ceremony held. 1980–Dawson Mills merged into Land 
O’Lakes interests. 1981–Joe Givens retired as head of 
Dawson Mills. City issued $5,750,000 in Industrial Revenue 
Bonds for AMPI [American Milk Producers Inc.] purchase 
of former Land O’Lakes isolate plant (no obligation to city 
on bonds).
 The section titled “Dawson Soybean Mills: Soybeans 
led to processing plant–Dawson’s largest industry” describes 
the founding then gives a chronological history. During 
the 1940s soybean acreage in and around Dawson, in 
southeastern Minnesota was steadily expanding; soybeans 
seemed to like the soil, climate, and latitude. In 1950 
the Dawson Service Club (predecessor to the Chamber 
of Commerce) “appointed a committee to check into the 
feasibility of building a soybean processing plant here.” It 
would help both the city and local farmers. Glenn Blomquist, 
president of the Northwestern Bank in Dawson at the 
time, was the initial sparkplug. A famous photo shows the 
committee of four seated together talking in a cafe booth in 
1950: John Hanson (a furniture store owner), Bert Dahl (an 
elevator manager), Glenn Blomquist, and Art Lee (a Ford 
dealer). “After visiting soybean plants at Blooming Prairie, 
Mankato and Glencoe [Minnesota] to ﬁ nd a pattern type 
to implement here, they agreed on the system at Blooming 
Prairie. Its workings were relatively inexpensive and its 
equipment was, by and large, manufactured by Crown Iron 
Works Co. right in Minneapolis. In addition, an attorney 
from Blooming Prairie [Mr. Thorson] was willing to lend his 
abilities in promoting and speaking with others to help get 
the project off the ground...” An informal meeting was called 
and the Tri-County Co-operative Soy Bean Association 
was formed. A board of directors was elected with Carl 
M. Hanson, president; Morris Enevoldsen, secretary; and 
with Melvin Knutson, Carl Barkeus, Merrill Lund, V olney 
Peterson, and John Lideen as directors. Their ﬁ rst purpose 
was to sell stock. “Though there were numerous meetings, 
questions and doubts, it was not long before there was 
sufﬁ cient money so that orders could be placed for the 
equipment and buildings.” The group negotiated a loan for 
operating capital through the St. Paul Bank for Cooperatives.
 Getting started: A site was selected near the railroad 
tracks. The sale of stock had brought in $205,000. The 
plant chose the trichloroethylene solvent extraction process 
because it was less costly and safer from the hazards of ﬁ re 
and explosion. They had heard rumors that the meal made 
with this solvent was sometimes hard to sell because it had 
caused the death of cattle. The rumors were put aside. The 
plant started running on 28 Nov. 1951–somewhat later than 
planned. The Grand Opening on Dec. 8 “included a visit by 
the well-loved Cedric Adams, WCCO radio newscaster, who 
‘packed them in’ at the Dawson armory for people to witness 
his reporting of the 10 o’clock nightly news.”
 “A rugged start.” The 1951 bean crop was very wet. 
The machinery could not process 25 tons/day of soybeans. 
There was not enough money to pay for the equipment and 
the contractors who installed it. “To put it bluntly, the plant 
was losing money on all the meal and [unreﬁ ned] oil it sold. 
The ﬁ rst manager, Louis Sandbakken, resigned. The Board 
of Directors contacted Joe Givens, an engineer with Crown 
Iron Works, who had helped to install the original machinery, 
and pleaded with him be their new manager. He accepted 
their offer and began his duties on 20 Jan. 1952. “Only a 
few days later, the [soybean] processing plants at Blooming 
Prairie, Glencoe, and Grand Forks, North Dakota, curtailed 
their operations because of lawsuits pending against them 

=== PAGE 217 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   217
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
resulting from the sale of toxic meal. What to do!” They 
found a company to buy the meal for use in making soybean 
glue. “The ﬁ rst ﬁ scal year showed that 150,000 bushels of 
soybeans had been processed, but at a loss of $44,389.” The 
St. Paul Bank for Co-operatives loaned the struggling co-op 
$10,000 in matching funds. But 3 months later the Minnesota 
Department of Agriculture, Dairy, and Food notiﬁ ed the Tri-
County business that any further sales of meal made with 
trichloroethylene solvent were prohibited! This essentially 
put the plant out of business. “It was a grim Christmas Eve in 
1952 when the plant shut down. Only a few employees were 
retained; others were laid off.”
 The company decided to start again using hexane as 
a solvent. “Crown Iron Works agreed to pay the cost of 
converting the plant to hexane in exchange for Tri County’s 
claims against the Iowa State Foundation [researchers on 
the extraction process] and the DuPont Co. [makers of 
trichloroethylene].
 By 1 May 1953 the soybean plant had converted to 
hexane and was ready for business. An audit in Aug. 1953 
showed that, even after the shutdown and conversion, the 
plant had processed 184,128 bushels and with net savings of 
$17,081.
 All went well during the next two years, with 389,331 
bushels processed in 1953-54–far above the rated capacity of 
the equipment. The company began to expand. In 1955-56 
some 500,000 bushels of soybeans were processed with net 
savings of $378,032. Fixed assets had climbed to $378,032 
and net worth was at $308,660. In 1958 Joe Givens designed 
and Crown built a new extractor with a capacity of 200 tons/
day of soybeans.
 Starting in 1961, after a decade in business, the 
company, like its competitors, experienced keener 
competition, reduced crushing margins, and a drop in net 
savings. In 1962-63 a new product, DawSoy toasted soybean 
screenings, was developed. In 1963 a new, larger extractor 
was installed, with a capacity of 600 tons/day of soybeans.
 In late 1966 the company celebrated its 15th birthday. 
“The initial investment of $205,000 had been translated into 
3½ million dollars in savings to soybean growers in western 
Minnesota and eastern South Dakota. Over a million dollars 
in cash refunds had been made to the soybean growers” 
who owned shares. The ﬁ rm’s net worth was over $2.5 
million, and its employment had grown from the original 11 
employees to over 70 full-time employees. In 1969, the name 
of the cooperative was changed from Tri-County Soybean 
Association to Dawson Mills.
 The 1970s: In about 1973 Dawson made its ﬁ rst human 
food, edible soy grits. In 1974 the Dawson Soy Specialties 
Division was started with plans to make soy grits, soy ﬂ our, 
and textured soy ﬂ our. A 7-story ﬂ our mill, started in 1974, 
began operation in 1975. It produced a good textured soy 
protein ﬂ our. In 1974 a record total of 13 million bushels 
of soybeans were processed. In 1976 Gerald Michaelson, 
one of the company’s directors, was elected president of the 
American Soybean Association–and 14,645,123 bushels of 
soybeans were processed. A long drought in the summer 
of 1976 hurt operations in 1977–the ﬁ rst year the company 
reported a loss–even though the net worth had climbed to 
$17.5 million.
 In Jan. 1977 the stockholders approved plans to 
manufacture isolated soy protein and to construct a factory 
therefor. Joe Givens was named president and general 
manager. In July 1979 the $20 million isolate plant, located 
1½ miles east of Dawson, began production of isolated soy 
protein, a dry white powder. That year Dawson had nearly 
300 employees.
 On 1 March 1980, because of adverse economic 
conditions and with the desire to become a more viable 
organization, Dawson Mills merged with Land O’Lakes, a 
dairy cooperative. The name of the business was changed 
to Land O’Lakes–Soybean Division. On 1 March 1981, 
Joe Givens retired as head of Dawson Mills. “Givens 
was accorded the tribute of ‘Joe Givens’ Day’ and was 
acknowledged in many ways as the ‘captain’ of the large 
soybean industry in Dawson for about 30 years.” Bob 
Jordheim was made general manager of the soybean 
processing business in Dawson.
 In May 1981 ofﬁ  cials of Land O’Lakes Inc. announced 
the need to close the soy protein isolate plant. Attempts to 
ﬁ nd markets for the isolates had failed. Some 100 employees 
had to be laid off. Yet the main plant continued processing 
about 15 million bushels of soybeans a year. In May 1983 
Land O’Lakes announced the closing of the ﬂ our milling 
operations in Dawson–largely as a result of the elimination 
of the PL-480 (Food for Peace) program. In Sept. 1983 
the merger of Land O’Lakes, Boone Valley Co-op, and 
Farmland Industries led to another change of structure. On 7 
March 1984 the name of the group was changed to AGP–Ag 
Processing Inc.–a cooperative, and the local plant to AGP 
(Dawson). The headquarters is now in Omaha, Nebraska. Yet 
the future looks bright.
 Photos show: (1) The famous photo of the original 
committee meeting in 1950 in a restaurant. (2) Dawson 
Mills’ ﬁ rst board of directors. (3) Visitors at a plant tour in 
1951 or 1952. (4) Dave Owen, one of the soybean plant’s 
ﬁ rst truck drivers (1953). (5) Aerial view of the plant in the 
late 1950s. (6) Ground view of plant with ﬁ rst expansions. 
(7) Joe Givens (portrait). (8) Further expansion; new ofﬁ ce, 
water tank erected near site. (9). Slip-form concrete storage 
silos being erected. (10) Flour mill nearly complete. (11) 
Soybean plant ofﬁ ce and part of truck ﬂ eet. (12) Isolate 
plant being erected. (13) New, huge extractor designed by 
Joe Givens and operated outdoors before being inserted into 
plant. (14) Tanker car loading soybean oil. (15) Dawson 
Mills’ laboratory in winter. (16) Soybean Princess standing at 
ofﬁ ce entrance. (17) 1976 ofﬁ ce and lab personnel, standings 
in 4 rows, with names of each. (18) 1976 plant personnel, 

=== PAGE 218 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   218
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
standings in 4 rows, with names of each. (19) 1976 trucking 
personnel, standings in 5 rows, with names of each.
664. Honeymead Products Company. 1984? Honeymead: 
Reﬁ ning partnerships (Brochure). Mankato, Minnesota: 
Honeymead. 6 p. Undated. 28 cm.
• Summary: Contents: The soybean. History. Production 
facilities. Customer service.
 The “History” page begins: “In 1939, rural Minnesota 
farmers were looking for a way to recover from the 
economic and agricultural turbulence of the 1930s. Their 
search led them to the soybean. Ultimately, the seed of 
opportunity was sown when Mankato Soybean Products was 
founded.
 “The company operated from a site of reclaimed 
warehouses and railroad tracks. Its hopes for prosperity were 
vested in a single seed expeller, which extracted oil from 
soybeans. Throughout the 1940s, the growing popularity of 
the soybean, and the abundant harvests yielded by the area, 
led Mankato Soybean Products to steady growth.”
 The last paragraph states: “Today, Honeymead is a 
division of Harvest States, a regional marketing, supply 
and processing cooperative. Although Honeymead serves 
markets that include the Midwest, the United States and 
select foreign countries, the Company–and its more than 200 
employees–still calls Mankato, Minnesota home. Adjacent to 
the corporate ofﬁ ces, Honeymead operates a state-of-the-art 
crushing and dehulling facility, a ﬂ our plant and one of the 
single-largest oilseed reﬁ neries in the United States.
 Two photos show the Honeymead plant at Mankato, 
one from ground level, the other an aerial view. Note 1. The 
source of this 1-page history is unknown. It may be from a 
book on the history of Harvest States.
 Note 2. This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2007) 
stating that Honeymead is a division of Harvest States, a 
regional marketing, supply and processing cooperative. 
Address: 2020 South Riverfront Dr., P.O. Box 3247, 
Mankato, Minnesota 56002. Phone: 1-800-328-3445.
665. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Archer Daniels Midland Co.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Mexico, Missouri.
Date of Introduction:  1985 January.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  J. of the American 
Oil Chemists’ Soc. 1985. “Soy pioneer bows out, others 
grow bigger.” March. p. 474, 476. On 12 Jan. 1985 A.E. 
Staley Manufacturing Co. announced that it had sold its 
ﬁ ve soy processing plants “to Illinois-based Independent 
Soy Processors Co., owned by a general partnership of 
individuals associated with Archer Daniels Midland (ADM) 
and including ADM as a minority partner.” One of the plants 
was at Mexico, Missouri.
 Note: The Staley Continental Annual Report for 1985 
states (p. 40) that the ﬁ ve soybean processing plants were 
sold on 11 Jan. 1985 for approximately $84 million in cash.
666. Boyer, Robert A. 1985. Reminiscences: Automotive 
design–Oral history project. Dearborn, Michigan: Henry 
Ford Museum and Greenﬁ eld Village. 130 p. Accession 
#1673.
• Summary: This is the transcript of an interview conducted 
by Dave Crippen of the Henry Ford Museum on 7 Feb. 
1985 at Mr. Boyer’s home in Dunedin, Florida. It covers all 
aspects of Boyer’s work with soybeans at the Ford Motor 
Co., including: Growing up in Royal Oak, Michigan; his 
father worked in the accounting department of the Ford 
Motor Co. at Highland Park, Michigan (p. 1). Boyer’s 
ﬁ rst meeting with Frank Campsall (p. 2). Growing up at 
the Wayside Inn (the oldest hotel in America, in South 
Sudbury, Massachusetts, p. 1-6). Attending high school in 
Framingham, Massachusetts (p. 6). First meeting with Henry 
Ford when the two ice skated together on the mill pond 
behind the Wayside Inn (p. 7). Moving to Dearborn in Sept. 
1927 to attend Ford’s Trade School (p. 7-11). Early work 
at the chemical plant (quarter-size model of Iron Mountain 
plant) in Greenﬁ eld Village (p. 12-13). Ford’s trip to 
Germany [Peace Ship to Europe, in 1915 during World War 
I?] crystallized a lot of his thinking. The Great Depression 
and the origins of his chemurgic thinking. In 1934 the ﬁ rst 
National Chemurgic Conference was held at Dearborn Inn; 
Boyer was in charge of the program. Mr. Irenee DuPont 
attended and Mr. Ford spent a lot of time with him. Before 
that, the DuPonts and the big banks did not trust Ford. (p. 
14). Opening of Greenﬁ eld Village in late 1929 on the 50th 
anniversary of Edison’s ﬁ rst successful light bulb (p. 15). 
Chemical experiments on truckloads of farm crops using a 
retort; Frank Calvert (p. 16-19).
 Experiments starting in about 1933 using hexane as a 
solvent to extract the oil from soybeans; the Ford Extractor 
(p. 20-23). Boyer’s group wanted to get pure protein from 
soybeans. So “in the lab we developed our own process 
for extracting the oil... We used hexane solvent, like dry 
cleaning. We’d ﬂ ake the beans and run them through a pipe 
that was full of hexane on an angle with a screw in it.” 
Hexane solvent is “distilled out of petroleum. It has a very 
narrow boiling point–66º centigrade. The Ford extractor... 
got quite a lot of attention. We built it across the street from 
the chemical plant. It was about 150 feet away. Mounted it 
all by itself because everybody was afraid of ﬁ re.” A roof 
was built over it but no walls. It was probably built in about 
1933.
 In 1933 at the World’s Fair [sic, the Ford Exposition 
of Progress] in New York City, Boyer’s group had a glass 
model (on a table) of this extractor that used hexane solvent.
 Note: Ford boycotted Chicago’s A Century of Progress 
Exposition which opened in 1933, in part to call attention to 

=== PAGE 219 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   219
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
the company’s 30th anniversary; he held his own “industrial 
fair,” ﬁ rst in Detroit and then in New York, in late 1933. 
Business Week described it as “the greatest industrial show 
ever held.” Some 2.3 million people attended the two-week 
show in New York.
 A working model of the Ford extractor, using hexane 
solvent, was at the Chicago World’s Fair, starting in mid-
1934, in the Ford Industrial Barn. “They would never let you 
do that today. Too dangerous.”
 Research on puri ﬁ ed soy protein and soy plastics with 
formaldehyde; Bakelite (p. 24-25). Use of soy oil for foundry 
core binders for casting the Ford V-8 engine block; thus, 
the soy experiments are now commercialized. Building a 
50 ton/day extractor (p. 26-27). Spinning soy protein ﬁ ber 
like rayon, based on spinning milk protein in Italy. Using 
the ﬁ bers to make wrinkle resistant synthetic wool, a suit 
of clothes for Henry Ford and others, overcoats, neckties, 
felt hats. “We also found that these ﬁ bers blended in very 
well with rabbit fur for making men’s felt hats. So the Hat 
Corporation of America took all the ﬁ ber we could make. 
It wasn’t very much and they would blend it in with rabbit 
fur. And they actually had them [the men’s felt hats] on the 
market.” Rabbit fur is very expensive (p. 29-36). Ford’s suit 
of clothes contained 65% wool and 35% soy ﬁ ber. Boyer 
leaves Ford Motor Co. in 1943. Problem with ﬁ ber was 
tensile strength, especially wet strength. Ford’s interest in 
this ﬁ ber work, and his ﬁ tness at age 75 (p. 37-38). Ford 
“was not a true vegetarian but he was pretty close” (p. 
38). Edsel Ruddiman’s work with foods (p. 39-47). Boyer 
and Ruddiman attend American Soybean Assoc. soybean 
conference in Washington, DC [in Sept. 1932] where 
they saw “leather-like products that the Chinese make” 
[yuba]. Boyer tried unsuccessfully to use the idea to make 
“synthetic leather.” USDA’s experimental farm in Holgate, 
Ohio, where many soybeans sent back by W.J. Morse were 
tested (p. 40-42). Work with soybean milk (p. 43-46). The 
executive dining room in the Engineering Laboratory. 
Henry Ford invited Boyer to lunch there about 6 times (p. 
45). Development of soy ice cream; lipoxidase enzyme 
inactivation (p. 45-46).
 Visits to Battle Creek, Michigan and Dr. John Harvey 
Kellogg (p. 47). Boyer’s work was with industrial products; 
the plastic car and structural plastics with hemp, ﬂ ax, and 
phenol formaldehyde (soya protein Bakelite resin) (p. 47-64, 
70). Making trunk lids using a hydraulic press (p. 50). Ford’s 
famous axe demonstration on a trunk lid (p. 50-52). Lowell 
Overly and Joe Stewart (p. 53-56, 61, 78-79). Boyer drives 
the plastic car home (p. 63). Ford’s aim with the plastic car: 
to provide industrial markets for farmers (p. 65). World War 
II stops plastic car development (p. 65-66). Contract to build 
an airplane wing of plastic (p. 66-70). The plastic lid and car 
contain little or no soy (p. 70). Fiberglass and the Chevrolet 
Corvette (p. 71). Plexiglas and the B-24 bomber made at 
Willow Run (p. 72). Edsel Ford’s death of stomach cancer in 
the spring of 1943 and its effect on his father, Henry (p. 73-
74). Ending work with soy ﬁ ber (p. 74).
 Boyer leaves Ford in 1943 and goes to work for Drackett 
Co. in Cincinnati, Ohio. Wife needs to leave Detroit. After 
1943 Boyer’s career really takes off. Dr. Gangloff (p. 75-77). 
Use of soy ﬁ ber by Drackett in felt hats. “We sold them a lot 
of ﬁ ber and we decided to build a bigger plant.” Building 
a protein plant and a ﬁ ber plant in Cincinnati big enough 
to supply the hat company’s demands and larger “than we 
needed just to supply our ﬁ ber operation.” They also had a 
big operation in Cincinnati for high-impact (not structural) 
plastic (p. 78-80). Drackett’s marketing people knew how 
to market Windex and Drano “but they had no feeling for 
the soybean operation. So when Mr. Drackett died, they 
sold the whole soybean plant to Archer-Daniels-Midland 
(ADM, p. 81-83). Before Mr. Drackett died, Boyer’s division 
had developed commercial soy products, and Drackett was 
making money on the plastic (phenol formaldehyde plus 
hemp) and the ﬁ ber (p. 81). Use of soy protein as a paper 
coating (p. 83). ADM ﬁ nally closes the old Drackett protein 
plant and sells it to Central Soya, which used the million 
bushel elevator capacity for storage (p. 83-84).
 Shortly after Mr. Drackett died, Boyer left Drackett to 
work on his edible soy ﬁ ber, where he owned patents. “If we 
can make a ﬁ ber from soy protein that resembles the outside 
of a sheep, why not make a ﬁ ber that will resemble the inside 
(p. 84-86). Idea of building an edible soy protein plant is in 
Cincinnati, with Mr. Drackett’s approval (p. 87). Boyer tries 
to ﬁ nd companies to license rights to his landmark patent: 
Virginia Carolina Chemical (Taftville, Connecticut, p. 88); 
Swift & Co. (p. 89-92); Unilever, which was interested in 
peanut protein in Africa and at Port Sunlight near Liverpool 
(p. 92-94, 112-13); General Foods and Nabisco (Fairmont, 
New Jersey research lab) (p. 94, 99). Unilever and Swift pay 
licensing fees of $20,000 a year plus consulting fees. General 
Mills and Ralston Purina (p. 94-95). Why Swift dropped its 
interest (p. 95-96). General Mills and Bacos (p. 96). Patent 
expires in 1971 after 17 years (p. 96). Worthington Foods 
(p. 97). Ralston Purina was getting into protein. In about 
1956-58 they “had bought Procter & Gamble’s protein plant 
in Louisville [Kentucky], which was making industrial 
protein for paper coating” (p. 98). Worthington Foods was 
too small to make their own soy protein ﬁ bers, so Ralston 
Purina made it for them (p. 78-80). Ralston Purina’s great 
success with edible soy protein and their small conﬂ ict: pet 
food vs. human food (p. 100-01). From 1961 to 1971 Boyer 
was receiving licensing fees / patent royalties from Ralston 
Purina, Worthington, and General Mills (p. 102). General 
Mills and Bacos (p. 103-04). Ralston Purina’s patent lawsuit 
against Far-Mar-Co. Ralston won $8 million. Boyer testiﬁ ed 
as an expert witness (p. 104-05).
 Boyer remarries and retires in 1971 (p. 102, 105, 
107). Subsequent work with Miles and Worthington; the 
Morningstar Farms line (p. 105-08). Companies now 

=== PAGE 220 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   220
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
spinning soy protein ﬁ ber (two in the Netherlands, one in 
Japan, one in Australia). Ford Foundation was not interested 
in his work with soy protein for Third World nations (p. 
110). Central Soya bought the ADM plant that was located in 
Chicago (p. 113-14). Kellogg’s Corn Soya breakfast cereal 
(p. 114-15). Worthington’s Soyloin Steaks; all early Kellogg 
and Worthington vegetarian products based on wheat gluten 
(p. 119). When Worthington bought Battle Creek they got 
their lady research director; she worked at Worthington until 
she was quite elderly. Boyer visited her in her lab at Battle 
Creek several times (p. 119-20. Note: Josephine F. Williams 
was in charge of the lab and product development at Battle 
Creek, where she worked closely with Dr. John H. Kellogg. 
She kept similar positions at Worthington Foods, according 
to Ron McDermott). Henry Ford as a soybean pioneer and 
visionary. The soybean is now America’s No. 2 cash crop 
and also our second largest earner of foreign exchange. “That 
really started from Ford. When we ﬁ rst started in 1931, 
hardly anybody ever heard of the soybean, and Henry Ford’s 
penchant for publicity publicized the soybean... He certainly 
made it popular and made people become aware of it. Today 
it’s darned important.” He should be remembered as the 
“Father of the Soybean.” “I always thought it would be nice 
if they would rebuild the [Soybean] laboratory [in Greenﬁ eld 
Village] or restore it like it was when we were doing the 
soybean work and give it the real credit that it deserves...” 
(p. 120). After Henry Ford died in 1947 his family wanted 
no part of any of his pet projects. They completely 
eradicated the old Ford company (p. 121). Henry Ford was 
deeply interested in the welfare of American farmers. His 
tractors and Model T were of great use to them (p. 121). 
Origins of Ford’s interest in chemurgy; William Hale and 
Dow Chemical Co. in Midland, Michigan; the ﬁ rst three 
chemurgic conferences in Dearborn, Michigan, in May 1935, 
1936, and 1937 (p. 122-27). Ford and Ruddiman establish 
a complete canning line for good-tasting green soybeans on 
the outskirts of the Ford estate. The equipment was quite 
expensive. When World War II threatened, Ford gave it to 
Michigan State University to teach canning to students. (p. 
129-30). Boyer’s personal impressions of Henry Ford (p. 
128-30). Address: 632 Edgewater Dr. #731, Dunedin, Florida 
33528.
667. J. of the American Oil Chemists’ Society. 1985. Soy 
pioneer bows out, others grow bigger. 62(3):474, 476. 
March.
• Summary: The soybean crushing industry is undergoing 
major restructuring as A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co., a 
pioneer in soybean processing, leaves the business. On 2 Jan. 
1985 Cargill ﬁ nalized its purchase of six soybean processing 
facilities from Ralston Purina. At that time it probably 
passed ADM to become America’s largest soybean crusher. 
The plants acquired by Cargill are in Bloomington, Illinois; 
Lafayette, Indiana; Iowa Falls, Iowa; Kansas City, Missouri; 
Louisville, Kentucky; and Raleigh, North Carolina. A 7th 
plant owned by Ralston Purina at Memphis, Tennessee, 
was not offered for sale, but was scheduled to be closed in 
February.
 With this acquisition, Cargill now has 20 soybean 
crushing plants in the Midwest and Southeast. The location 
of each of Cargill’s 14 other soybean crushing plants, with 
daily processing capacities ranging from 20,000 bushels to 
120,000 bushels, are given.
 Ten days later the A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co. 
announced it had sold its soybean crushing business to 
Illinois-based independent Soy Processors Co., owned by 
a general partnership of individuals associated with Archer 
Daniels Midland (ADM) and including ADM as a minority 
partner. With this, ADM probably recaptured its lead, but 
only by a slight edge.
 In October Staley agreed to buy CFC Continental Inc., 
the nation’s second largest supplier to the food service 
business. Ralston Purina, meanwhile, in October acquired 
ITT’s Continental Baking Co.
 Central Soya Co. has 9 soybean crushing plants, 7 
of them in the USA at: Gibson City. Illinois; Decatur and 
Indianapolis, Indiana; Bellevue, Delphos, and Marion, 
Ohio; and Chattanooga, Tennessee. These 7 U.S. plants are 
said to have a total capacity of about 10,000 tons/day of 
soybeans. The 2 plants outside the U.S. are in Utrecht, The 
Netherlands, and Victory Soya Mills in Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada.
 Ag Processing, a cooperative based in Omaha, 
Nebraska, operates 6 soybean crushing plants in the USA 
at: Van Buren, Arkansas; Eagle Grove, Sergeant Bluff, 
and Sheldon, Iowa; Dawson, Minnesota; and St. Joseph, 
Missouri. Total crushing capacity is estimated at 11,000 tons/
day of soybeans. Ag processing is now entering the edible oil 
reﬁ ning business, constructing its ﬁ rst reﬁ nery adjacent to its 
soybean crushing plant at St. Joseph, Missouri. Expected to 
be completed in 1985, it is rated to have a reﬁ ning capacity 
of 12 tank cars (720,000 pounds) of soybean oil per day.
 Two poultry-related ﬁ rms that are building oil reﬁ neries 
next to their soybean crushing plants are Perdue Inc. of 
Salisbury, Maryland, and Townsends of Millsboro, Delaware. 
Each reﬁ nery will have a capacity of 12 tank cars (720,000 
pounds) of soybean oil per day.
 According to the Soya Bluebook, the capacities of 
Perdue’s two crushing plants are 700 tons/day at Salisbury, 
Maryland, and 600 tons/day at Coﬁ eld, North Carolina. 
Townsend’s single crushing plant has a 1,200 tons/day 
capacity.
668. Far-Mar-Co (Archival collection and ﬁ nding aid). 1985. 
Manhattan, Kansas: Kansas State Univ.
• Summary: Accession No. PC 1985.07 (formerly No. 36). 
The introduction to the collection states: “The records of 
Far-Mar-Co, Inc. and its predecessor organizations were 

=== PAGE 221 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   221
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
donated to Kansas State Univ. to start the Arthur Capper 
Cooperative Research Collection, as a resource for the 
study of cooperatives. Far-Mar-Co. was dissolved in 1985, 
prompting the directors to donate the material. The collection 
documents the history of the company from 1914 through 
1985 with papers, photos, ﬁ lms and correspondence. Legal 
documents, board minutes and ﬁ nancial statements provide a 
rich resource enabling the researcher to study past decisions 
and moved of cooperatives.
 Concerning Dannen Mills, which was sold to the 
Farmers Union Cooperative Marketing Association in Oct. 
1963: Box 13, folder 3–Describes the sale. Box 14, folders 
20-34–Cover 1964. Box 69, newsletters–Includes the 
Dannen Gossip from 1963 Aug. 9 to 1964 Oct. 16. In the 
Photos section: Box 1, folder 21–Of a meeting on 31 Aug. 
1963, a Dannen sales agreement.
 Concerning Financial records of CMA [Farmers 
Union Cooperative Marketing Association]: Reports and 
statements–Box 14, folders 1-59.
 Note: In the summer of 1968 four cooperatives merged 
to form Far-Mar-Co, with headquarters in Hutchinson, 
Kansas. The four were: Farmers Union CMA, the Equity 
Union Grain Exchange (Lincoln, Nebraska), the West Central 
Co-operative Grain Company (Omaha, Nebraska), and 
Farmers Cooperative Commission Company (Hutchinson, 
Kansas). The new organization became one of the largest 
grain cooperatives in the USA. Address: Manhattan, Kansas.
669. Franklin, John. 1985. History of Honeymead Products 
Co. (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. Sept. 10. Conducted by 
William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Honeymead is 
an agricultural cooperative 
that crushes soybeans. 
Honeymead’s parent company 
is Harvest States Cooperatives. 
John Franklin is the director 
of public relations there. 
Honeymead was formerly part 
of GTA (the Farmers Union 
Grain Terminal Association), 
which had 2 plants–Mankato 
(which crushes soybeans and 
makes edible products) and 
Minnesota Linseed Oil (which 
also recently started to crush 
some sunﬂ ower seeds). An 
old-timer at Mankato is Stan 
Eichten.
 Honeymead was started 
by a group of businessmen in 
Mankato. Then it was sold to 
the Andreas family; Dwayne 
and Lowell Andreas ran it. They 
sold it to GTA (also a co-op) in about 1960. GTA purchased 
a margarine company in Kansas City, then purchased 2 
margarine plants–Drew in Kansas City and a salad dressing 
plant named Wholesome Foods. They may have owned or 
bought a reﬁ nery also.
 In June 1983 GTA merged with North Paci ﬁ c Grain 
Growers (NPGG) to form Harvest States Cooperatives. 
NPGG, headquartered in Portland, Oregon, grew mostly 
white wheat. GTA was looking for an outlet on the Paciﬁ c 
Rim.
 Honeymead now makes industrial soy oil mainly for 
adhesives/coatings, paints & varnishes, pesticides, and soaps.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Nov. 2021) that 
mentions “Harvest States Cooperatives” in connection with 
soybeans–and with Honeymead. Address: 720 Minneopa 
Rd., P.O. Box 3247, Mankato, Minnesota 56002. Phone: 
507-625-7911.
670. Dunn, John R. 1985. Update on U.S. cooperatives and 
soybeans (Interview). Conducted by William Shurtleff of 
Soyfoods Center, Oct. 21. 2 p. typescript. [1 ref]
• Summary:  Estimated capacities (in tons/day) of the major 
U.S. soybean crushers (Sept. 1985). Mr. Dunn has compiled 
the following statistics from the trade literature: 1. ADM 
33,000. Ownership: Public. 2. Cargill, Inc. 26,000. Private. 
3. Bunge 12,700. Private. Ag Processing Inc. 10,500. Co-op. 
5. Central Soya 9,800. Private. 6. Quincy Soybean 4,600. 
Public? 7. Continental Grain. 4,100. Private? 8. Ralston 
Purina. 3,000. Public. 9. Harvest States Cooperatives 
(Mankato). 2,500. Co-op.
 In August 1983 Land O’Lakes, Farmland Industries, 


=== PAGE 222 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   222
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
and Boone Valley Processing Assoc. put all their plants into 
an interregional cooperative named Ag Processing Inc., 
headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska. It began operation in 
August 1983. Boone Valley no longer exists; its feed mill 
was taken over by Farmland. Land O’Lakes and Farmland 
still exist–they just spun their soybean processing assets into 
Ag Processing, of which they are owners. In Sept. 1983 [or 
June 1982] Ag Processing Inc. closed its plant in Fort Dodge, 
Iowa.
 “Sept. 1983. Ag. Processing Inc. closed its Fort Dodge, 
Iowa plant.
 Oct. 1984. Ralston Purina sold 6 of its 7 plants to 
Cargill. It kept its large plant in Memphis, Tennessee. That 
was part of a change in Ralston’s strategy to exit some of the 
commodities/ingredients and concentrate more on consumer 
products.
 “Dec. 1984. A.E. Staley sold all its 6 plants to a wholly-
owned subsidiary of ADM.
 “1984. Riceland Foods sold its Helena, Arkansas plant 
on the Mississippi [River] to Quincy Soybean, based in 
Quincy, Illinois.
 “1984. Coops. Goldkist had 3 plants. It sold 2 to Bunge. 
Marks (Mississippi, but not on the Mississippi River) and 
Decatur (Alabama). Kept the one in Valdosta, Georgia.
 “March 1984. Cargill closed its small (about 300 tons/
day capacity) plant in Washington, Iowa
 “The big picture. Last 4 years. Two main things are: 
1. Consolidation of crushing activities in the Western Corn 
Belt to rationalize their capacity, including some vertical 
integration. Ag Processing Inc. has just began processing a 
salad oil called Ag Soy (spell?) in their St. Joseph, Missouri 
plant. Consumer or industrial product? 2. Contraction out of 
export based soybean crushing activities. Never had plants 
overseas. Goldkist’s two plants and Riceland’s one river 
plant were all oriented toward export. But Ag Processing Inc. 
is still doing a lot of exporting. Others now better placed to 
serve the domestic market. Plants that were sold were the 
ones that depended on an active export market.
 “Ag Processing Inc. is now the biggest cooperative SB 
crusher.”
 A ranking of the cooperative soybean processors is as 
follows: 1. Ag Processing Inc. 2. Harvest States (including 
Honeymead). 3. Gold Kist. 4. Riceland. 5. Agri-Industries. 
Address: USDA Agricultural Cooperative Service (ACS), 
Washington, DC 20250. Phone: 202-475-4929.
671. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1985. Annual 
report. 11235 Davenport St., Omaha, Nebraska 68154-2627. 
20 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Sales for 1985 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$643.469 million, down 28% from $896.164 million in 1984. 
Earnings before income taxes: $8.141 million, 3.98 times as 
much as the $2.048 million in 1984.
 “The changes in the agricultural community, particularly 
the soybean crushing industry, have been more profound in 
this past year than in any one year in previous memory. The 
consolidation of the industry was the major factor affecting 
these changes.”
 In mid-1985 AGP embarked on an exciting new 
venture–soybean oil reﬁ ning. The new reﬁ nery, located in St. 
Joseph, Missouri, began operation on 19 July 1985. It will 
receive both crude and degummed soybean oil from AGP’s 
six soybean crushing plants.
 “Administration (p. 5): The Board of Directors approved 
one new regional cooperative member (Harvest States, St. 
Paul, Minnesota) and one new local member (Cottonwood, 
Minnesota).
 Note: Talk with Bell Lester (expert on AGP history) 
of Omaha, Nebraska. 2007. Nov. 6. Harvest States was 
originally named Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association 
(GTA). When Harvest States became a member of AGP in 
1985 (see above), it did not merge with AGP and was not 
purchased by AGP; it kept its own identity and remained an 
independent regional cooperative, which sold soybeans to 
AGP and received a patronage refund from AGP. In 1998 
Harvest States merged with Cenex, Inc. to become Cenex 
Harvest States (CHS).
 Four local cooperative members were lost: “Snyder, 
Nebraska, withdrew; Story City, Iowa, merged; Ida Grove 
and Toeterville, Iowa, liquidated.” The plant in Fort Dodge, 
Iowa, is idle; most of its processing equipment and other 
facilities were relocated. “There were 560 employees at 
the end of the ﬁ scal year.” Contains many color photos of 
the reﬁ nery, ofﬁ cers, directors, management, and the CEO. 
Address: Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: (402) 334-8010.
672. Anderson, Ronald L. 1985. Re: History of Continental 
Grain Company’s involvement with soybeans. Letter to 
William Shurtleff at Soyfoods Center, Nov. 11. 10 p. Typed, 
with signature on letterhead.
• Summary: The following is excerpted from a 1985 
Continental Grain Strategic Planning Study: History–World 
Processing Division: 1946–Allied Mills–Bought Taylorville, 
Illinois soybean crushing plant (100 tonnes/day capacity). 
Note: Allied Mills owned a soybean crushing plant at 
Taylorville, Alabama, by Aug. 1935.
 1960–Allied Mills–Guntersville, Alabama, crushing 
plant start-up (500 TPD).
 1965–Continental acquires 51% of Allied Mills, a major 
feed producer [Wayne Feeds] as well as a producer of fresh 
poultry.
 1973–Acquired Allied Mills’ plant in Cameron, South 
Carolina (300 TPD) and expanded it to 800 TPD.
 1974–Allied Mills becomes a wholly owned subsidiary 
of Continental Grain. Continental’s new Processing Division 
is created by consolidating the above three soybean plants 
from Allied Mills. That year Continental expanded its charter 
to include participation in international processing and 

=== PAGE 223 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   223
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
oilseed product trading. Thus the company ﬁ rst expanded 
outside the USA. 1975–Acquired a specialty plant in 
Culbertson, Montana, to crush safﬂ ower and sunﬂ ower 
seeds (no soy; Expanded to 400 TPD in 1983). 1975-77–
Constructed a soybean crushing plant at Liverpool (1,500 
TPD; expanded to 2,200 TPD in 1982).
 1976–Acquired a soybean and cottonseed crushing 
and oil reﬁ ning plant at Capsa, Paraguay (600 TPD). 1977-
79–Constructed a soybean crushing plant at Maringa, Brazil 
(2,200 TPD). 1979–Rebuilt a plant in Maurie, Australia, with 
a toll crush agreement with the Australian government, to 
crush soybeans, sunﬂ ower, and safﬂ ower seeds (300 TPD).
 1980-81–Built a plant to crush sun ﬂ ower and soybeans 
at Chivilcoy, Argentina (800 TPD). 1981–Acquired 50% of 
ICIC plant at Ancona, Italy. It crushes 800 TPD of soybeans 
and 250 TPD of sunﬂ ower seeds, and also reﬁ nes oil. 1983–
Bought plant in Sydney, Australia (300 TPD).
 1984–Sold plant at Taylorville, Illinois. 1985–Acquired 
soybean crushing plant at Venice, Italy (1,200 TPD). 1986–
Sold Liverpool plant (2,000 TPD). 1987–Sold Cameron 
plant (1,000 TPD). 1987–Closed Oleaginosa tung nut plant 
in Argentina. 1988–Sold Culbertson plant (400 TPD). 1989–
Plant to sell all South America and Australia plants and 
upgrade Italian plants. 1989–Formed joint venture marketing 
company [Conti-Quincy] with Quincy Soybean of Quincy, 
Illinois.
 In 1975 Continental’s oilseed crushing capacity was 
3,000 TPD or 1,100,000 tonnes/year. By 1985 this had 
increased roughly four-fold to 11,800 TPD or 4,300,000 
tonnes/year.
 A table lists all U.S. soybean crushers, the city and state 
of each of their plants, and the capacity of each. There were 
78 plants with a total capacity of 121,025 TPD
 America’s largest soybean crushers are ADM (18 plants, 
32,900 TPD, 27.3% market share), Cargill (21 plants, 29,200 
TPD, 24.2%), Bunge (8 plants, 14,600 TPD, 12.1%), Central 
Soya (8 plants, 12,000 TPD, 9.9%), Ag Processing (6 plants, 
10,050 TPD, 8.3%), Quincy Soybean Co. (3 plants in Illinois 
and Arkansas, 5,700 TPD, 4.7%), and Others (12 plants, 
16,270 TPD, 13.5%). Address: Senior Vice President and 
General Manager, Continental Grain Co., World Processing 
Div., 277 Park Ave., New York, NY 10172. Phone: 212-207-
5100.
673. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Manning, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1985 December.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Ringgenberg, Lana. 1986. 
“AGP assumes ownership of soybean processing plant.” 
Monitor (Manning, Iowa). Jan. 30. On 30 Dec. 1985 Ag 
Processing Inc. (AGP) of Omaha, Nebraska, purchased the 
soybean processing plant in Manning, Iowa, previously 
owned by AGRI Industries. At the same time, AGP also 
purchased a soybean processing plant in Mason City, Iowa, 
from AGRI Industries. This brings to 8 the total of soybean 
processing plants owned by AGP, which now controls 11.5% 
of the total U.S. domestic soybean processing capacity.
 AGP Annual report. 1986. “AGP acquired soybean 
processing facilities in Manning, Iowa, and Mason City, 
Iowa, in December, 1985 from Agri Industries” (p. 1).
 Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. Soybeans, Cooperatives 
and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, Arizona: Heritage 
Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 103-114, 153-172. This plant 
was previously owned by AGRI Industries. The name Ag 
Processing Inc (AGP) was formally adopted on 7 March 
1984.
674. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Mason City, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1985 December.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  AGP Annual report. 1986. 
“AGP acquired soybean processing facilities in Manning, 
Iowa, and Mason City, Iowa, in December, 1985 from Agri 
Industries” (p. 1).
675. Product Name:  Soy Flour, and Soy Flour Mixes.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  900 Lower Lake Rd., P.O. Box 
427, St. Joseph, MO 64502.
Date of Introduction:  1985.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1985. p. 
85, 101; 1986. p. 84.
676. Flider, Frank J. 1985. The manufacture of soybean 
lecithins. In: B.F. Szuhaj and G.R. List, eds. 1985. Lecithins. 
Urbana, IL: American Oil Chemists’ Society. viii + 393 p. 
See p. 21-37. Chap. 2. [18 ref]
• Summary: Contents: Introduction. Seed preparation and 
extraction. Filtration. Degumming. Bleaching. Drying. 
Standardization and ﬂ uidization. Custom-blended lecithins. 
Deoiled lecithin. Reﬁ ned deoiled lecithin. Fractionated 
lecithins (fractionated by alcohol to redistribute the 
phosphatides according to their respective hydrophobic 
and lipophilic properties). Storage and handling. 
Acknowledgments.
 Tables show: 2-1. Lecithin types (Natural, re ﬁ ned, or 
chemically modiﬁ ed). 2-2. Degumming conditions from 
the literature. 2-3. Analysis of good-quality crude lecithin. 
2-4. Soybean lecithin speciﬁ cations. 2-5. Speciﬁ cations for 
crude lecithin for deoiling. 2-6. Effects of low quality crude 

=== PAGE 224 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   224
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
lecithin on deoiled lecithin. 2-7. Approximate compositional 
analysis of commercial lecithin fractions. Address: Riceland 
Foods, 650 S. Shakleford Rd., Little Rock, Arkansas 72211.
677. Johnson, Dale W. 1985. Curriculum vitae. Golden 
Valley, Minnesota. 5 p. Unpublished manuscript. 28 cm. [3 
ref]
• Summary: 1932-34–Teachers College, River Falls, 
Wisconsin. 1934-37–University of Minnesota School of 
Chemistry (BSc in chemistry). 1937-41–Univ. of Minnesota 
Graduate School (PhD, major in microbiology, minor in 
physical chemistry; Thesis title: “Chemical method for the 
determination of waste strengths”). 1949 Sept.–1942 March–
Hormel Fellow (Post PhD), Univ. of Minnesota; problems 
concerning meat processing, by-products, studies on waste 
disposal. 1942-45–Pillsbury Mills, Inc., Minneapolis; Chief 
bacteriologist. 1945-48. The Diversey Co, Research Labs., 
Chicago, Illinois; Chief bacteriologist. 1948-1955–The 
Glidden Co., Central Organic Research Labs., Chicago, 
Illinois; Head, microbiology and nutrition labs. 1955-
58–The Glidden Co., Chemurgy Div., Chicago; Research 
consultant. 1959-63–Central Soya Co., Chemurgy Div., 
Chicago; Manager, Edible Protein Products. 1963-67–Soypro 
International Inc., Chicago, Illinois; Vice president. 1963-
73–Crest Products, Inc., Park Ridge, Illinois; Executive 
vice president. 1971-73. Agricon Co., Park Ridge, Illinois. 
1971-73–Universal Proteins, Inc., Park Ridge, Illinois; Vice 
president. 1973-82–Food Ingredients Inc., Elk Grove Village, 
Illinois. President. 1978-81–Dawson Food Ingredients, Eden 
Prairie, Minnesota; Director. 1982 Sept.–Food Ingredients 
(Minnesota) Inc.; President. Address: Food Ingredients 
(Minnesota), Inc., 2121 Toledo Ave. No., Golden Valley, 
Minnesota 55422. Phone: (612) 588-9456.
678. Ringgenberg, Lana. 1986. AGP assumes ownership of 
soybean processing plant. Monitor (Manning, Iowa). Jan. 30.
• Summary: On 30 Dec. 1985 Ag Processing Inc. (AGP) of 
Omaha, Nebraska, purchased the soybean processing plant 
in Manning, Iowa, previously owned by AGRI Industries. 
At the same time, AGP also purchased a soybean processing 
plant in Mason City, Iowa, from AGRI Industries. This 
brings to 8 the total of soybean processing plants owned by 
AGP, which no controls 11.5% of the total U.S. domestic 
soybean processing capacity.
 William C. Lester, Vice President of Membership and 
Public Relations at AGP in Omaha, stated that the plant is 
operating pretty much as usual. AGP is a soybean processing 
company owned by 326 local cooperatives in ten states plus 
six regional cooperatives serving the Midwest.
679. New York Times. 1986. Briefs [Agri Industries and 
Cargill may form partnership]. Feb. 7. p. 31 (Natl); p. D3 
(Late).
• Summary: The full text of this short announcement reads: 
“Agri Industries, Des Moines [Iowa], said it had tentatively 
agreed to form a grain marketing partnership with Cargill 
Inc. of Minneapolis [Minnesota].”
680. Wilkinson, Ralph. 1986. Soy ﬁ ber: types and sources 
(Interview). SoyaScan Notes. May 2. Conducted by William 
Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Soy ﬁ ber is classiﬁ ed into three basic types: (1) 
Soy bran or soy bran ﬁ ber: It is cleaned, ﬁ nely pulverized 
soybean hulls.
 (2) Okara or soy pulp: The residue left after making tofu 
or soymilk. It contains some natural oils and protein, and has 
a very high protein quality (as measured by PER).
 (3) Soy cotyledon ﬁ ber (SCF) or defatted soy cotyledon 
ﬁ ber: The residue left after making isolated soy proteins. It 
contains almost no fat (since isolates are made from defatted 
soybean ﬂ akes), but it still contains quite a lot of high-quality 
ﬁ ber. It binds a great deal of water.
 Who sells what?
 (1) ADM introduced soy bran in about 1977. Their 
1983 catalog (from the IFT show) lists “Nutrisoy Fiber (Soy 
Bran).”
 (2) Ralston Purina now makes SCF which they call “soy 
polysaccharides.” Ross Laboratories and Mead Johnson use 
this in small amounts for geriatric foods, sort of like an infant 
formula for the aged.
 (3) Grain Processing Corp. plans to introduce a SCF in 
mid-1986, i.e. later this year.
 (4) Dawson Mills made SCF 5-6 years ago as a by-
product of their soy protein isolate operations. It was on the 
market for only 1-2 months before they got out of the isolate 
business. Note: The product was named Fi-Trate / Fitrate Soy 
Fiber Concentrate. On 1 March 1980 the merger of Dawson 
Mills and Land O’Lakes was ofﬁ cially announced. Address: 
Grain Processing Corp., Muscatine, Iowa.
681. Slater, Frederick W. 1986. Ag Processing operation 
here ‘star’ in cooperative’s lineup. St. Joseph News-Press 
(Missouri). July 20. p. 5B.
• Summary: James W. Lindsay, chief operating ofﬁ cer of 
Ag Processing Inc (AGP, based in Omaha, Nebraska), says 
that the cooperative’s soybean processing plant in St. Joseph, 
Missouri (on Lower Lake Road) is “the star” of the ﬁ rm’s 
soybean processing operations.
 Moreover, “soybeans purchased for processing at the St. 
Joseph plant result in a pay-out of more than $84 million a 
year to area producers.”
 AGP has just completed the addition of a salad oil 
reﬁ nery at the St. Joseph facility, and is contemplating the 
addition of a hard oil processing [hydrogenation] unit.
 AGP has made more improvements at the St. Joseph 
plant during the cooperative’s 2½ years of existence than at 
any of its 7 other plants.
 AGP, which is comprised of over 320 local cooperatives 

=== PAGE 225 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   225
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
in 10 states, is listed in the Fortune 500 companies. There are 
270,000 soybean producers / growers in the USA and AGP 
has 11.5% of the nation’s soybean processing. The St. Joseph 
plant processes 50,000 bushels of soybeans a day, 7 days a 
week–which comes to 16 million bushels of soybeans a year. 
The plant also makes soy ﬂ our, and has 105 employees.
 A photo shows Doug Forsberg (AGP marketing 
manager), Mike Turpin (St. Joseph plant manager), and 
James Lindsay (AGP CEO). Address: Editorial page editor.
682. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1986. Annual 
report. 11235 Davenport St., Omaha, Nebraska 68154-2627. 
20 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Sales for 1986 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$625.404 million, down 3% from $643.469 million in 1985. 
Earnings before income taxes: $2.048 million, down 75% 
from the $8.141 million in 1985.
 “AGP acquired soybean processing facilities in 
Manning, Iowa, and Mason City, Iowa, in December, 1985 
from Agri Industries.” AGP also established an active 
political action committee (PAC) to lobby for the company 
in Washington, DC. Color photos show Lindsay, Knobbe, 
and each member of the board of directors. Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska. Phone: (402) 334-8010.
683. Audrain County Historical Society. comp. and pub. 
1986. History of Audrain County, Missouri: An update 1936-
1986. 1st ed. Mexico, Missouri: ACHS. vi + 599 p. Illust. 
Index. 29 cm.
• Summary: The section titled “Active history” notes (p. 9) 
that one of major ﬁ res during the half century covered by this 
book “destroyed the main feed mill and elevator building of 
the MFA (Missouri Farmers Association) at 400 East Holt 
Street on March 17, 1944.” Flames and sparks, rising 150 
feet into the night sky, were seen from nearby towns, whose 
ﬁ remen helped to ﬁ ght the ﬁ re. “Loss of the former W.W. 
Pollock Mill, remodeled by the MFA for soybean processing, 
was estimated at $280,000. MFA rebuilt, and the location is 
now operated by Archer-Daniels-Midland.”
 An updated history of the MFA (which started on 
10 March 1914) (p. 252-52) states that one of the ﬁ rst 
cooperative soybean processing plants in the USA was 
located in Mexico, Missouri, owned and operated by the 
MFA. On 21 May 1943 the MFA purchased the W.W. 
Pollock Milling and Elevator Company of Mexico, Missouri. 
“It consisted of a 60,000 bushel wooden elevator and a 4 
story brick building that housed ﬂ our milling machinery. The 
M.F.A. immediately began converting the mill into a soybean 
processing and feed manufacturing plant. They had installed 
all the feed mixing equipment and about half of the soybean 
processing equipment when it was destroyed by ﬁ re on 
March 17, 1944. By the end of the year plans for rebuilding 
were progressing.
 “The new M.F.A. Soybean Mill was dedicated on 
November 2, 1946. It was the only such plant in outstate 
Missouri. With the completion of this plant was born a brand 
new industry in the northeast quarter of the state where 
soybean production had been expanding during the past ﬁ ve 
years with no suitable markets at hand.
 “In a radio broadcast at the dedication ceremonies, 
F.V . Heinkel pointed out that fourteen counties in Northeast 
Missouri, all within a radius of 50 miles of the Mexico 
Mill, produced a half-million bushels of soybeans in 1941, 
worth $752,000. But this year (1946), he disclosed, the same 
counties increased production of soybeans to 3,600,000 
bushels [up 7.2 fold] valued at approximately $9 million [up 
12.0 fold]. (Revised government ﬁ gures for that year show 
production of 3,109,700 bushels, valued at $7,929,735.) The 
counties he named were Audrain, Randolph, Montgomery, 
Callaway, Boone, Howard, Warren, Shelby, Marion and 
Macon. Until 1946 practically the only markets afforded this 
new crop were at Quincy, Illinois and St. Louis [Missouri].
 In his speech, Heinkel said “We dedicate this plant in 
the name of progress and advancement to the rendering of 
service to the soybean producers, livestock feeders, and 
poultry raisers of this ﬁ ne agricultural area with the objective 
of increased prosperity for the farmers and townspeople of 
Audrain and surrounding counties.’
 Heinkel then introduced E.W. Lierheimer, who produced 
soybeans in Audrain County and who helped raise money to 
build the new plant. “Lierheimer recalled the late William 
Hirth had often told him that he had longed to have a major 
M.F.A. plant located in Mexico, county seat of his home 
county... Lierheimer also said that this plant didn’t grow 
up or wasn’t built overnight. ‘It is the result of longrange 
thinking and careful planning on the part of a lot of people.’”
 The Mayor of Mexico, Missouri, Hon. Robert Finley, 
also appeared on the program and welcomed the new mill. 
Several days before the dedication ceremonies, the Mexico 
Ledger published a special edition devoted to the MFA, and 
especially telling all about the new soybean mill. Mitchell 
White, the editor of this newspaper–published both daily and 
weekly–appeared on the program. He “recalled a time many 
years ago when County Agent, Earl Rusk, began to talk of 
soybeans and their possibilities, and of a mill to process 
them.” Today, he declared, “this dream has become a reality 
through the splendid plant of the M.F.A.”
 The section titled “Agriculture: A history of agriculture 
in Audrain County–Emphasis 1933-43” (p. 280-83, by Glen 
Mutti), begins with an excellent analysis of the effects of the 
Great Depression on local farmers. Surpluses of agricultural 
products, low farm prices for these products, terrible summer 
droughts (1930, 1934, 1936), plagues of grasshoppers 
and chinch bugs, heavy debt, many farm foreclosures, 
and almost no agricultural credit. “The year 1933 ushered 
in the ﬁ rst huge U.S. government farm program, The 
Agricultural Adjustment Administration” (called The Triple 
A or AAA); its goal was to reduce acreages of basic crops 

=== PAGE 226 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   226
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
thereby reducing production in that hope that depressed 
farm prices would improve. It was followed by a host of 
other government programs designed to help farmers. By 
1939 the Rural Electriﬁ cation Administration (REA) and 
farm mechanization (tractors and combines) had begun to 
transform farm life. “Rural Electriﬁ cation and Soybeans, for 
Processing have probably had more impact than anything 
else on the Agriculture and standard of living of rural 
Audrain Countians.
 “Soybeans introduced in the 1920s were ﬁ rst used 
mostly for hay. the crop was harvested with a grain binder 
tying the beans into bundles, which were shocked up in the 
ﬁ eld,” and left until they were hauled to the farmstead and 
fed to cattle. “A few farmers fed threshed soybeans to hogs 
as a protein supplement to corn. The result was soft pork and 
a lower price to the farmer for his hogs.
 There became a demand for both oil and meal from 
processed yellow soybeans. In 1936 experimental test plots 
were set up by the Extension Service on seven Audrain 
County farms using the best known soybean varieties to 
determine those which were superior. The Alton Railroad 
cooperated with the Audrain County Agricultural Agent by 
furnishing farmers with seed beans. The work was continued 
into the early 1940s, then in March 1942, meetings were held 
at Laddonia, Vandalia, and Mexico [cities in Audrain Co.] to 
discuss the possible establishment of a commercial plant for 
processing (extraction of oil and meal) of soybeans.
 “In 1945 the M.F.A. completed construction of the ﬁ rst 
soybean processing plant in northeast Missouri. The plant, 
now A.D.M., is still operative in 1985.
 “One third of the land area of Audrain Co., about 
145,000 acres, has been planted to soybeans–1974-1984. For 
more than 25 years soybeans have been the largest crop of 
the county.”
 “The use of agricultural lime in Audrain increased from 
180 tons in 1934 to 55,000 tons in 1942.” This expanded use 
had the most important impact of farming practices during 
this period.
 After World War II began, it was “impossible to replace 
worn out farm machinery with new equipment. It was patch 
it up and try to keep it running.” As farmers’ sons entered 
the military, there was a shortage of farm labor. Many older 
farmers and their wives shouldered the burden, becoming a 
“loyal, patriotic, and dedicated work force.” The slogan was 
“Food for Freedom.” Fortunately the years from 1940 to 
1955 were outstanding one for farmers, with record highs in 
farm income, crop prices, and general prosperity.
 Contains detailed federal time series data for each of 
the following in Audrain County: Number of farms, average 
size of farm, land prices per acre, percentage of land tenants 
(renters), number of horses and mules (work and draft), 
tractors, combines, yields of corn, soybeans, and wheat (p. 
282).
 The section on “Irrigation” (p. 283) discusses the 
importance of irrigation to ﬁ rst crop and double crop soybean 
yields in Audrain Co., and gives yield statistics. Address: 501 
South Muldrow, Mexico, Audrain Co., Missouri.
684. Mills, Harold E. 1986. Soybean oil plant pours 
$70 million into farm economy. St. Joseph News-Press 
(Missouri). Dec. 7. p. 6B.
• Summary: The AG Processing Inc. soybean oil reﬁ nery 
at 900 Lower Lake Rd. has ﬁ nished its ﬁ rst year extracting 
salad oils from soybeans; it began operation late last year. 
The soybean processing / crushing plant and the reﬁ nery 
injected about $70 million into the area’s agricultural 
economy. Since late 1985 the reﬁ nery has processed around 
15 million bushels of soybeans using 100 workers operating 
around the clock. The soybeans are purchased largely from 
growers in northwest Missouri and southern Iowa. The 
oils are used in Wishbone, Seven Seas, Sun Blend Miracle 
Whip dressings. AG Processing headquarters are in Omaha, 
Nebraska. A photo shows Terry Weiland unloading a trailer 
of soybeans at AG Processing Inc. Address: Business writer.
685. Product Name:  Ultra-Soy Soy Protein Concentrates, 
and Isolates.
Manufacturer’s Name:  PMS Foods, Inc. (Formerly Far-
Mar-Co). Later renamed Legacy Foods (ca. 1998).
Manufacturer’s Address:  960 N. Halstead, P.O. Box 1099, 
Hutchinson, KS 67504.  Phone: 316-663-5711 (Oct. 1995).
Date of Introduction:  1986.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1986. p. 
89.
686. Product Name:  Imagic Soy Flour [Textured, Flavored, 
or Unﬂ avored].
Manufacturer’s Name:  PMS Foods, Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  960 N. Halstead, P.O. Box 1099, 
Hutchinson, KS 67504.
Date of Introduction:  1986.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1986. p. 
84.
687. D’Souza, Gerard Eugene; Phillips, T.D.; Free, W. 
Joe. 1986. The U.S. soybean processing industry: optimal 
size, number, and location. Southern Cooperative Series, 
Bulletin No. 312. Muscle Shoals, Alabama: Tennessee Valley 
Authority. *
• Summary: Also published as Bulletin (National Fertilizer 
Development Center (U.S.)) Y-193.
 Published by Southern Association of Agricultural 
Experiment Station Directors.
688. Kahn, E.J., Jr. 1987. Proﬁ les: The absolute beginning 
[Dwayne Orville Andreas and ADM]. New Yorker 62:41-68. 
Feb. 16.
• Summary: The best biography seen of Dwayne Andreas, 

=== PAGE 227 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   227
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
with emphasis on his work with soy. On the ﬁ rst page is a 
long discussion of Nutri-Bev, a soy-based milk substitute.
 Contains a nice portrait (illustration, line drawing) of 
Andreas on the ﬁ rst page. Address: New York.
689. Courier (Corning, Arkansas). 1987. Riceland and AGP 
agree on lecithin purchases. May 14.
• Summary: Riceland, a farmer-owned co-op, is the largest 
U.S. rice milling and marketing company, one of the 
principal U.S. marketers of lecithin since early 1960s, and 
the operator of a soy processing plant and vegetable oil 
reﬁ nery at Stuttgart. AGP is the largest U.S. “farmer-owned 
cooperative soybean processing company. It has soybean 
processing plants in Iowa, Minnesota, Missouri and Western 
Arkansas.” Riceland will purchase lecithin made at AGP’s 
soybean processing plant in St. Joseph, Missouri. James W. 
Lindsay, AGP’s chief executive, said that his company’s 
entry into lecithin manufacturing ﬁ ts well with its policy of 
moving toward value-added products.
690. Milling and Baking News. 1987. ADM acquires Gold 
Kist soybean processing facility. 66(19):1. July 7.
• Summary: On July 2, Archer Daniels Midland Co. acquired 
the Valdosta, Georgia, soybean processing plant of Gold 
Kist, Inc. a farmer’s cooperative. The plant produces soybean 
meal and crude oil. Gold Kist is one of several cooperatives 
holding an ownership interest in Toepfer International Group, 
a grain trading ﬁ rm in Hamburg, West Germany. ADM owns 
45% of that group and thus controls it.
691. St. Joseph Gazette (Missouri). 1987. Local soybean 
plant will expand. July 30. p. 4A.
• Summary: AGP will add a hydrogenation unit and about 
15 full time employees to its oil reﬁ nery at 900 Lower 
Lake Road. “Hydrogenation changes liquid oils into a solid 
product sold to food processors to make such products as 
margarine, shortening, and mayonnaise.” The total facility 
now employs about 100 workers. Earlier this year AGP 
announced that it was beginning to produce lecithin at the 
plant. Address: Business writer.
692. Journal (Des Arc, Arkansas). 1987. Bunge to acquire 
three elevators from Farmland Industries. Aug. 6.
• Summary: The corporation has announced plans to acquire 
three grain elevators in Missouri, in the towns of Louisiana, 
Caruthersville, and Hannibal. John E. Klein is president and 
CEO of Bunge. Bunge Corporation began as a merchandiser 
of raw and processed agricultural commodities, primarily 
for export. Although it has shifted its orientation to include 
the domestic food ingredient business in recent years, Bunge 
plans to remain a major force in grain handling. In addition 
to its grain division, Bunge’s business includes a Soybean 
Processing Division; an Edible Oil Division, which produces 
shortenings and cooking oils; the Lauhoff Milling Division, 
which is the nation’s largest dry corn miller; and the Dari-
tech Division, which produces stabilizers, processed fruits 
and ﬂ avors for the dairy and carbonated beverage industries. 
In addition, the company recently announced plans to acquire 
Carlin Foods Corporation, a manufacturer of specialty food 
ingredients for the bakery, dairy, and food service industries. 
Bunge’s Corporation’s headquarters are located in New York 
City.
693. Steele-Enterprise (Steele, Missouri). 1987. Bunge 
acquires elevators. Aug. 6.
• Summary: The company will acquire three grain elevators 
in Missouri from Farmland Industries. Bunge’s businesses 
include a Soybean Processing Div. and an Edible Oil Div. 
Corporate headquarters are in New York City.
694. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1987. Annual 
report. 11235 Davenport St., Omaha, Nebraska 68154-2627. 
20 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Sales for 1987 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$676.279 million, up 8.1% from $625.404 million in 1986. 
Earnings before income taxes: $8.862 million, 4.3 times as 
much as the $2.048 million in 1986.
 “The future–adding hydrogenation. The addition of 
hydrogenation capacity to AGP’s St. Joseph, Missouri, 
reﬁ nery represents a major expansion of the Company’s 
ability to produce value-added products.” Hydrogenation 
increases the oil’s melting point, enabling it “to remain semi-
solid at room temperatures (hence the term oil hardening.) 
The breaking of the ‘double bonds’ in the glyceride chain 
improves the ability of the oil to remain odorless and 
tasteless for longer periods of time after deodorization and 
packaging. This stability of the oil is of great importance to 
the ﬁ nished oil consumer.”
 “Plant operations: Upon approval by the AGP Board of 
Directors, processing equipment at the Fort Dodge, Iowa, 
plant and the ‘French’ extraction plant at Eagle Grove, Iowa, 
were dismantled. The Van Buren, Arkansas, plant was closed 
down indeﬁ nitely on March 5, 1987.”
 Also in 1987 the production of edible lecithin began 
at the reﬁ nery in St. Joseph, Missouri. “The process: 
Crude soybean oil is heated followed by the addition of 
diatomaceous earth to ﬁ lter out solid impurities. Water and 
hydrogen peroxide are added, and a centrifuge is used to 
separate away the heavy liquid gums. The edible lecithin 
is cooled and stored, ready for delivery by truck.” Color 
photos show Lindsay, Knobbe, top corporate management, 
and each member of the board of directors. Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska.
695. Blank, Eugene W. 1987. Fats and oils chronology. J. of 
the 
American Oil Chemists’ Society 64(11):1479-82, 1484, 
1486, 1488-92. Nov. Revised. Originally published in Oil 
and Soap. June 1942. [20 ref]

=== PAGE 228 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   228
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
• Summary: A fascinating overview of historical highlights 
from 259 B.C. to 1964.
 1876–Oleomargarine production begins in Germany.
 1897–Sabatier and co-workers start research on 
catalysis, thus laying the foundation for fat hardening by 
hydrogenation.
 1902–Normann applies the Sabatier process of catalytic 
hydrogenation to liquid oils permitting preparation of fats of 
any desired hardness.
 1910–Procter & Gamble introduces the Sabatier-
Normann-Kaiser process for hydrogenation of vegetable oils.
 1911–Soybeans are ﬁ rst processed in the U.S. by 
Herman Meyer in Seattle, Washington, using a hydraulic 
press; the plant later is known as Paciﬁ c Oil Mills.
 1911- Procter & Gamble offers Crisco [shortening] for 
retail sale.
 1911–The Duren disease ﬁ rst appears in Scotland, 
killing large numbers of cattle that have been fed soybean oil 
meal extracted with trichloroethylene.
 1915–Domestically grown soybeans are processed by 
the Elizabeth City Oil and Fertilizer Co., Elizabeth City, 
North Carolina.
 1917–Soybeans are crushed by expeller press at the 
Chicago Heights Oil Manufacturing Co., a linseed mill.
 1919–German patents are issued to Hermann Bollmann 
for continuous solvent extraction of fats, as well as British 
patents for a continuous oilseed extractor.
 1922–Large-scale soybean processing [crushing] is 
undertaken by A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co. at Decatur, 
Illinois, marking the real beginning of the soybean 
processing industry in the USA.
 1923–Funk Bros. Seed Company at Bloomington, 
Illinois, begins permanent soybean processing operations, 
using equipment from Chicago Heights Oil Manufacturing 
Co.
 1923–The ﬁ rst processing of soybeans by batch 
solvent extraction is undertaken by Piatt County Soybean 
Cooperative Co. at Monticello, Illinois, a short-lived 
operation.
 1923–The ﬁ rst “bible” of the soybean industry, The 
Soybean, is published by McGraw Hill Book Co. of New 
York. The authors are William J. Morse (who had [sic, who 
later] studied soybeans in Manchuria and brought samples of 
varieties to the U.S.) and Charles V . Piper.
 1924–Eastern Cotton Oil Co. in Norfolk, Virginia, 
begins solvent extraction of soybeans in a continuous 
Bollmann extractor obtained from Germany.
 1924–AOCS begins publishing the Journal of the Oil 
and Fat Industries.
 1927–The AOCS’ publication is renamed Oil and Fat 
Industries.
 1932–The AOCS’ publication is renamed Oil and Soap.
 1947–The AOCS journal Oil and Soap is ofﬁ cially 
renamed the Journal of the American Oil Chemists’ Society.
696. Product Name:  Lecithin.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc.
Manufacturer’s Address:  11235 Davenport St., Omaha, 
NE 68154.
Date of Introduction:  1987.
New Product–Documentation:  Soya Bluebook. 1987. p. 
66.
697. Lester, William (Bill) C. 1988. An overview of soybean 
processing. In: L. McCann, ed. 1988. Soybean Utilization 
Alternatives. St. Paul, MN: Univ. of Minnesota Center for 
Alternative Crops and Products. vi + 429 p. See p. 13-19. [2 
ref]
• Summary: Reviews the processing of soybean meal and 
oil in the U.S., including a step by step procedure of what 
happens to soybeans in a processing plant. Address: Ag 
Processing Inc., Omaha, Nebraska.
698. Soybean Digest. 1988. Soy milk solves dairy shortage. 
Feb. p. 44.
• Summary: Professionals from Mexico’s dairy industry 
and government food and nutrition programs attended a 10-
hour seminar in Mexico City on how soy can help alleviate 
Mexico’s shortage of dairy products. Two U.S. technicians, 
Emil Huang of Land O’Lakes and Allan Routh of St. Peter’s 
Creamery, were among the seminar speakers. A program 
highlight was Huang’s demonstration on tofu and soy milk 
manufacturing.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Aug. 2019) 
concerning Allan Routh–later of SunRich.
699. Clay County Courier (Corning, Arkansas). 1988. 
Riceland selects Noble to direct advertising. April 14.
• Summary: “Riceland is the nation’s leading rice marketing 
ﬁ rm and a major regional processor and marketer of 
soybeans and edible oil products. It is also one of the leading 
manufacturers and marketers of lecithin. Riceland’s annual 
sales during 1988 are expected to be about $600 million. 
About half of its business is international with sales of rice to 
42 countries last year.”
700. Spiers, Wally. 1988. Soybean oil use increases. News-
Democrat (Belleville, Illinois). May 10.
• Summary: There has been a 4% nationwide increase in 
soybean oil consumption. Palm oil imports have dropped 
28% and food manufacturers are replacing tropical fats with 
soybean oil. Phil Bradshaw, chairman of the Illinois Soybean 
Checkoff Program, said the increase is directly related to a 
letter-writing campaign by Bean Boosters, a volunteer group 
that promotes soybean use. The Illinois checkoff program 
administers the money collected from a ½ cent per bushel 
checkoff on soybeans. The soybean board has recently 
recommended that the checkoff amount be raised in ½ cent 

=== PAGE 229 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   229
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
steps to 2 cents per bushel. The proposal would raise the 
checkoff ½ cent this year, another half-cent in 1990 and 
another half-cent in 1992. The tropical fats campaign is a 
grass roots effort. Other companies switching to soybean 
oil from tropical fats include Archway Cookies, Pepperidge 
Farms, Sunshine Bakers, Nabisco, Lance, Riceland Foods 
and Frito Lay.
701. Steffens, Ken. 1988. Farmland, Far-Mar-Co., and PMS 
Foods, Inc. (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. Aug. 22. Conducted 
by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Far-Mar-Co merged with Farmland in the late 
1970s. Farmland then started losing money in a big way, 
so they wanted to divest some of their assets and get out 
of the business of making TVP. So three of the personnel 
bought Far-Mar-Co in 1983 in a leveraged buyout. The new 
company was called PMS Foods Inc., standing for Parke, 
Major and Shoup. They are still in Hutchinson, Kansas, 
making TVP. Farmland is a mere shadow of its former self, a 
manufacturer in Kansas City.
 PMS paid ADM a licensing fee to make TVP. It goes for 
another 3 years. Four companies made TVP: ADM, PMS, 
Cargill, and Central Soya (in that order of size). The latter 
three all license the process from ADM. Ken, who worked 
for Ralston, says that Ralston is also named on the original 
patent and they get lots of licensing money. They litigated 
against all the producers of TVP. There were three different 
rights: process, chemical, and one other. ADM, Ralston, and 
Staley were co-holders of the patent–not just ADM. Ralston 
is no longer in the business.
 Update. 1998. April. PMS Foods, Inc. is listed in the 
1998 Soya Bluebook Plus on p. 192. Location: 2701 E. 11th, 
P.O. Box 1099, Hutchinson, Kansas 67504-1099. Phone: 
316-663-5711. Fax: 316-663-7195. e-mail: sales@pmsfoods.
com. Internet: www.pmsfoods.com. Contact: Derek Park, 
President. Plant manager: Floyd Shoup. Facility: Extrusion, 
served by rail & truck. Edible products: Meat analogs, 
textured soy ﬂ our. Address: PMS Foods, Inc., 2701 East 11th 
St., Hutchinson, Kansas 67501. Phone: 316-663-5711 (Oct. 
1995).
702. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1988. Annual 
report. 11235 Davenport St., Omaha, Nebraska 68154-2627. 
24 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 1988 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$910.240 million, up 34.6% from $676.279 million in 1987. 
Earnings before income taxes: $56.429 million, 6.4 times as 
much as the $8.862 million in 1987.
 AGP participated in huge soybean meal export sales to 
Russia.
 Contains many color photos. Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska.
703. Continental Grain Company. 1989. U.S. soybean 
processor consolidation: Capacity by major processor. New 
York, NY . 1 p. Unpublished manuscript. Internal report. 
April 11.
• Summary: The table gives ﬁ gures for 1975, 1983, and 
1989. The following April 1989 ﬁ gures list ranking, 
percentage of total capacity, number of plants, and capacity 
in short tons/day (TPD).
 1. ADM, 31%, 17 plants, 37,300 TPD.
 2. Cargill, 26%, 16 plants, 31,300 TPD.
 3. Bunge, 10%, 7 plants, 12,000 TPD.
 4. Central Soya, 9%, 7 plants, 11,000 TPD.
 5. Ag Processing, 9%, 6 plants, 11,000 TPD.
 6. Quincy, 5.8%, 2 plants, 7,000 TPD.
 7. Owensboro, 2.5%, 1 plant, 3,000 TPD.
 8. Continental, 0.6%, 1 plant, 1,800 TPD.
 9. All others, 5%, 6 plants, 6,000 TPD.
 Total: 63 plants, 120,400 TPD.
 Note that the top 5 companies controlled 85% of 
capacity in 1989, but only 64% in 1983 and 45% in 1975. 
The total number of plants in 1989 was 63, compared with 
88 in 1983 and 103 in 1975. The total capacity was 120,400 
TPD, down from 123,025 in 1983 but up from 92,600 in 
1975. Address: Continental Grain Co., World Processing 
Div., 277 Park Ave., New York, NY 10172.
704. Product Name:  EV Concentrate (Post-Emergence 
Herbicide Additive).
Manufacturer’s Name:  Cenex/Land O’Lakes Agronomy 
Co.
Manufacturer’s Address:  Winona, Minnesota.
Date of Introduction:  1989 April.
Ingredients:  94% soy oil.
New Product–Documentation:  Soybean Update. 1989. 
May 1. A company agronomist says that there seems to be a 
little less injury to the plants and not quite a much burning 
as when this product based on soy oil is used instead of 
petroleum.
705. National Soybean Processors Assoc. 1989. Soybean 
processors to expand membership (News release). 1255 23rd 
St. N.W., Washington, DC 20037. 1 p. May 24.
• Summary: “The National Soybean Processors Association 
will expand its representation to include those ﬁ rms 
which crush canola, sunﬂ ower, ﬂ ax, and safﬂ ower seeds, 
according to NSPA Chairman James Lindsay [of AGP]. 
The association’s expanded membership will be reﬂ ected 
in its new name, which will change to the National Oilseed 
Processors Association (NOPA). The new name will become 
ofﬁ cial on August 1, 1989.”
 Founded in 1929, the NSPA is celebrating its 60th 
anniversary this year. NOPA will maintain its ofﬁ ces in 
Washington, DC, with Sheldon J. Hauck as President.
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (July 2019) that 
mentions the “National Oilseed Processors Association.” 

=== PAGE 230 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   230
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Address: Washington, DC. Phone: 202-452-8040.
706. Krizmanic, Judy. 1989. Why co-ops make cents. 
Vegetarian Times. May. p. 22-25, 72-73.
• Summary: “In the United States, the idea that a group of 
people could successfully pool resources to ﬁ ll a common 
need–like lower food bills–is one that matured alongside the 
concept of trade unions. Over the years, cooperatives have 
been especially popular during times of volatile economic or 
social conditions: The Great Depression and the political and 
social changes of the ‘60s and early ‘70s fomented the two 
biggest waves of food cooperatives in American history... 
During the last wave of popularity, the number of food co-
ops peaked at about 9,000, then waned throughout the late 
‘70s and early ‘80s. Mismanagement or mere lack of interest 
caused some of the earlier co-ops to fall apart. But co-ops 
are coming back, more sophisticated than ever; today there 
are as many as 5,000 food co-ops, according to the National 
Cooperative Business Association.”
 Today, according to USDA’s Agriculture Cooperative 
Service, the 40,000 co-ops across America fall into the 
following categories: Credit unions and ﬁ nance 47%, food 
and consumer goods 17%, agriculture marketing and supply 
14%, housing 5%, insurance 5%, utilities 4%. and other 
(childcare, crafts, healthcare, student services, transportation, 
hardware, burial services, worker) 8%.
707. Soybean Update. 1989. Canola stirs industry turn 
[NSPA will change its name to NOPA and widen its 
membership after 59 years]. June 19.
• Summary: “Responding to growth in the U.S. oilseed 
crushing industry, the National Soybean Processors 
Association has decided to expand its membership 
and change its name. The National Oilseed Processors 
Association membership will be extended to include 
companies crushing canola seed, sunseed, ﬂ ax and safﬂ ower 
seed. The change will be effective as of August 1.”
 “On a somewhat related note, the Federal Grain 
Inspection Service is now accepting public comment on 
setting up a schedule of marketing standards for canola. Both 
changes come partially on the heels of increased interest in 
growing canola in the U.S.”
 Note: The chairman of the new group will be James 
Lindsay [of AGP].
708. J. of the American Oil Chemists’ Society. 1989. NSPA 
becomes NOPA. 66(8):1042. Aug.
• Summary: On 1 Aug. 1989 the National Soybean 
Processors Association (NSPA) will change its name to the 
National Oilseed Processors Association (NOPA), and will 
expand its membership to include ﬁ rms that crush canola, 
sunﬂ owerseed, ﬂ axseed, and safﬂ owerseed [safﬂ ower seed]. 
The new uniﬁ ed approach will correspond to that which 
has existed in Europe for many years as FEDIOL–which 
represents both European oilseed crushers and reﬁ ners.
 The move corresponds to the “recent emergence of the 
canola oil industry as a distinct segment of the U.S. oilseed 
crushing complex and the continuing expansion of the 
sunﬂ ower crushing industry...”
 NOPA will maintain the same of ﬁ ces held by NSPA 
in Washington, DC. Sheldon J. Hauck will continue as 
president; James Lindsay [of AGP] is chairman. Address: 
JAOCS.
709. National Oilseed Processors Association. 1989. 
Yearbook and trading rules 1989-1990. Washington, DC. [iv] 
+ 123 + 11 p. 23 cm.
• Summary: On the cover (but not the title page) is written: 
Effective August 1, 1989. Contents: Constitution and by-
laws. Ofﬁ cers and directors. Executive ofﬁ ce. Members. 
Associate members. Standing committees. Trading rules on 
soybean meal. Appendix to trading rules on soybean meal: 
Ofﬁ cial methods of analysis (moisture, protein, crude ﬁ ber, 
oil {only method numbers listed}), sampling of soybean 
meal {at origin} (automatic mechanic sampler, pneumatic 
probe sampler, probe sampler), sampling of soybean meal 
(at barge loading transfer facilities), ofﬁ cial weighmaster 
application, semi-annual scale report, certiﬁ cation of 
installation of automatic sampler & mechanical divider (at 
origin), semi-annual certiﬁ cation of automatic sampler & 
mechanical divider (at origin), certiﬁ cation of installation of 
automatic sampler & mechanical divider (at barge loading 
transfer facility), semi-annual certiﬁ cation of automatic 
sampler & mechanical divider (at barge loading transfer 
facility), ofﬁ cial referee laboratories (meal), ofﬁ cial NSPA 
soybean meal sample bag. Soybean meal export trading 
rules: Minimum blending procedures for export meal 
blended at ports, sampling of soybean meal (at vessel loading 
facilities), weighing of soybean meal (at vessel loading 
facilities), certiﬁ cation of installation of automatic sampler & 
mechanical divider (at vessel loading facility), semi-annual 
certiﬁ cation of automatic sampler & mechanical divider (at 
vessel loading facility), semi-annual certiﬁ 
cation of scales at 
vessel loading facilities. Trading rules on soybean oil. Sales 
contract. Deﬁ nitions of grade and quality of export oils. 
Soybean lecithin speciﬁ cations. Appendix to trading rules on 
soybean oil: Inspection, grading soybean oil for color (NSPA 
tentative method), methods of analysis (A.O.C.S. ofﬁ cial 
methods): Soybean oil, crude; soybean oil, reﬁ ned; soybean 
oil, reﬁ ned and bleached; soybean oil for technical uses; soap 
stock, acidulated soap stock and tank bottoms (only method 
numbers listed), ofﬁ cial weighmaster application, semi-
annual scale report, ofﬁ cial referee chemists (oil). Soybean 
oil export trading rules. Uniform soybean oil export contract. 
Foreign trade deﬁ nitions (for information purposes only) 
Appendix 1.
 The section on of ﬁ cers, executive committee, and board 
of directors (p. 7-8) gives the name, company afﬁ liation, 

=== PAGE 231 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   231
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
and phone number of each person. Ofﬁ cers (executive 
committee)–Chairman: James W. Lindsay, Ag Processing Inc 
a cooperative [AGP], Vice Chairman: C. Lockwood Marine, 
Central Soya Co., Inc. Secretary: John March, Cargill, 
Inc. Treasurer: John Burritt, National Sun Industries, Inc. 
Immediate past chairman: John G. Reed, Jr., Archer Daniels 
Midland Co.
 Executive staff: President: Sheldon J. Hauck. Executive 
vice president: Brose A. McVey.
 Board of directors (alphabetically by company; each 
member company may have up to two representatives on the 
board; only the ﬁ rst of these may vote): James W. Lindsay 
& William C. Lester, Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. John 
G. Reed, Jr. & Michael D. Andreas, Archer Daniels Midland 
Co. John March & Thomas O. Palmby, Cargill, Inc. C. 
Lockwood Marine & David H. Swanson, Central Soya Co., 
Inc. David B. Mulhollem & Bernard Steinweg, Continental 
Grain Co. Ian White & Donald G. Foster, Elders Oilseeds 
Inc. Merritt E. Petersen & Stan Eichten, Honeymead 
Products Co. John Burritt & Jeff Berkow, National Sun 
Industries, Inc. John M. Wright & Henry E. O’Bryan, 
Owensboro Grain Co., Inc. Sewell L. Spedden & William 
Bohan, Perdue Incorporated. Paul D. Otto & J. Richard 
Galloway, Quincy Soybean Co. James K. Smith & Richard 
E. Bell, Riceland Foods, Inc. Thomas L. Harper, Southern 
Soya Corp. D. Daryl Houghton & P. Coleman Townsend, 
Townsends, Inc.
 Executive of ﬁ ce, Washington, DC: President, Sheldon 
J. Hauck. Executive vice president: Brose A. McVey. 
Administrative asst.: Steven C. Kemp. Legislative asst.: 
Elizabeth A. Loudy. General counsel: Elroy H. Wolff, Sidley 
& Austin. Special counsel: Richard O. Cunningham, Steptoe 
& Johnson.
 Members (listed alphabetically by company; within 
each company, ﬁ rst the name of the ofﬁ cial Association 
representative {who is on the Board and votes}, followed 
by the other personal members listed alphabetically by 
surname. For example, Archer Daniels Midland Co., the 
company with the most personal members, has 34. After the 
name of each personal member is given with his address 
and phone number. In the listing below, the number of 
personal members is shown in parentheses after the name 
of each company, followed by city and state of the various 
locations): Ag Processing Inc a cooperative (21); Van Buren, 
Arkansas; Eagle Grove, Iowa; Manning, Iowa; Mason 
City, Iowa; Sergeant Bluff, Iowa; Sheldon, Iowa; Dawson, 
Minnesota; St. Joseph, Missouri. Omaha, Nebraska. Archer 
Daniels Midland Co. (23); Archer Daniels Midland Co. 
(24); Little Rock, Arkansas; Augusta, Georgia; Valdosta, 
Georgia; Decatur, Illinois; Galesburg, Illinois; Granite 
City, Illinois; Taylorville, Illinois; Frankfort, Indiana; Des 
Moines, Iowa; Fredonia, Kansas; Destrehan, Louisiana; 
Mankato, Minnesota; Red Wing, Minnesota; Kansas City, 
Missouri; Mexico, Missouri; Clarksdale, Mississippi; 
Fremont, Nebraska; Lincoln, Nebraska; Fostoria, Ohio; 
Kershaw, South Carolina; Memphis, Tennessee. Cargill, 
Inc. (20); Osceola, Arkansas; Gainesville, Georgia; 
Lafayette, Indiana; Cedar Rapids, Iowa; Des Moines, Iowa; 
Iowa Falls, Iowa; Sioux City, Iowa; Washington, Iowa; 
Bloomington, Illinois; Chicago, Illinois; Wichita, Kansas; 
Burnsville, Minnesota; Minneapolis, Minnesota; South 
Savage, Minnesota; Wayzata, Minnesota; Kansas City, 
Missouri; Fayetteville, North Carolina; Raleigh, North 
Carolina; Sidney, Ohio; Memphis, Tennessee; Chesapeake, 
Virginia. Central Soya Co., Inc. (13); Gibson City, Illinois; 
Decatur, Indiana; Fort Wayne, Indiana; Indianapolis, Indiana; 
Belmond, Iowa; Bellevue, Ohio; Marion, Ohio; Delphos, 
Ohio; Chattanooga, Tennessee. Continental Grain Co. (8); 
Guntersville, Alabama; Chicago, Illinois; New York City, 
New York. Elders Oilseeds Inc. (3); Culbertson, Montana; 
Blaine, Washington. Honeymead Products Co. (3); Mankato, 
Minnesota. National Sun Industries, Inc. (3); Minneapolis, 
Minnesota. Owensboro Grain Co., Inc. (4); Owensboro, 
Kentucky. Perdue Incorporated (4); Salisbury, Maryland; 
Coﬁ eld, North Carolina. Quincy Soybean Co. (6); Helena, 
Arkansas, Quincy, Illinois. Riceland Foods, Inc. (7); 
Stuttgart, Arkansas. Southern Soya Corp. (2); Estill, South 
Carolina. Townsend’s Inc. (2); Millsboro, Delaware.
 Associate Members: ADM Agri-Industries Ltd., 
Windsor, Ontario, Canada. Beatrice / Hunt-Wesson, 
Fullerton, California. Best Foods, a Unit of CPC 
International Inc., Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey. Bestel Inc., 
Minneapolis, Minnesota. C&T Reﬁ nery, Inc., Richmond, 
Virginia. Con Agra Poultry Co., El Dorado, Arkansas. 
Conti-Quincy Export Co., New York City, New York. Louis 
Dreyfus, Wilton, Connecticut. Empire Kosher Poultry, Inc., 
Mifﬂ intown, Pennsylvania. Garnac Grain Co., Overland 
Park, Kansas. Goldman Sachs–J. Aron Div., New York City, 
New York. K&L Feeds, Inc., Selinsgrove, Pennsylvania. 
Kraft Food Ingredients Corp., Glenview, Illinois; Memphis, 
Tennessee. Krohn Trading Limited Partnership, New 
Orleans, Louisiana. Lever Bros Company, Inc., New York 
City, New York. Overseas Commodities Corp., Minneapolis, 
Minnesota. Pilgrim’s Pride Corp., Pittsburg, Texas. Pillsbury 
Co. (The), Overland, Kansas; Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
Procter & Gamble Co., Cincinnati, Ohio. Purina Mills, Inc., 
St. Louis, Missouri. Ralston Purina Co., St. Louis, Missouri. 
Schouten International, Inc., Minneapolis, Minnesota. A.E. 
Staley Manufacturing, Decatur, Illinois. Alfred C. Toepfer 
International, Inc., New York City, New York (Knud 
Winkelman). Tradecom, Inc., Boca Raton, Florida. Van Den 
Bergh Foods Co., Chicago, Illinois.
 Standing committees: For each committee, the function 
of the committee, the names of all members (with the 
chairman designated), with the company and company 
address of each are given–Crusher committees: Canola, 
ﬂ axseed, safﬂ ower seed, sunﬂ ower seed. International trade 
policy. Soybean meal trading rules. Soybean oil trading rules. 

=== PAGE 232 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   232
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Safety, health, and loss prevention. Technical. Address: 1255 
Twenty-Third St., N.W., Washington, DC 20037. Phone: 
202/452-8040. Telex: 248959. Fax: 202/833-3636.
710. Grider, Stephen D. 1989. AGP expands main ofﬁ ce. St. 
Joseph News-Press / Gazette (Missouri). Oct. 3. p. 5B.
• Summary: The company will expand and remodel its main 
ofﬁ ce at 900 Lower Lake Road. Address: Staff writer.
711. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1989. Annual 
report: Partners–Working together in food production. 11717 
Burt St., Burt Plaza, Suite 2, Omaha, Nebraska 68154-1581. 
24 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 1989 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$946.707 million, up 4.0% from $910.240 million in 1988. 
Earnings before income taxes: $46.483 million, down 
17.7% from the $56.429 million in 1988. “The business 
environment the past two years has resulted in record 
earnings for your cooperative soybean processing company.” 
AGP’s ﬁ nancial position is “considerably more stable than 
it was six years ago.” “Many of AGP’s immediate goals 
have been realized. We have redeemed the Class A preferred 
stock, paid back loans to our founders, redeemed two-thirds 
of the Class B preferred stock and original allocated equities, 
and reduced our long term debt. In addition, we have been 
able to more than double members’ equity. The Company’s 
earnings before taxes have averaged $20.7 million over the 
past six years, representing a 25.4 percent average return on 
equity over the same period.” AGP paid several years worth 
of allocated equities.
 Bar charts (p. 13-15) show annually, from 1984 to 1989: 
(1) Capital spending. (2) Depreciation. (3) Long term debt 
to equity ratio. (4) Long term debt. (5) Members’ equity. (6) 
Earnings before taxes. (7) Earnings before taxes to equity 
ratio.
 Color photos show Lindsay, Knobbe, top corporate 
management, and each member of the board of directors, 
plus two satellite photos of the Midwest with state 
boundaries and AGP sites and shareholders added, inside a 
poultry factory farm, an AGP oil tanker, men working the 
phones in the grain merchandising room. Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska.
712. Yearbook and Trading Rules. 1989-2000. Serial/
periodical. National Oilseed Processors Association. Annual.
• Summary: Preceded by: Year Book and Trading Rules. 
Issued annually to all members of the association. The 
1981-82 Year Book, for example, was spiral bound and 
23 cm high. The last published yearbook was 2000-2001. 
Thereafter, most of the information appeared on the 
association’s website nopa.org.
 Letter (e-mail) from Kathy Pennington, of ﬁ ce 
administrator of NOPA. 2005. Aug. 15. NOPA no longer 
publishes the Yearbook & Trading Rules. In 2003, when she 
joined NOPA, it was available online only with purchase. 
Beginning in 2004 NOPA made the trading rules available 
to all on its website. Names and contact information for 
the ofﬁ cers and board members, are listed under “About 
us–Board and staff. The member companies names, 
headquarter addresses, headquarter phone numbers, and 
weblinks are under Membership.” The detailed membership 
roster (contact information, committee membership, etc.) 
is available to Members Only. HOPA has no extra printed 
copies at all; they have only one copy of each Yearbook for 
their records. Address: 1800 M. St., N.W., Washington, DC 
20036.
713. Riceland Foods. 1989. Fire or explosion in solvent 
extraction plant. Stuttgart, Arkansas.
• Summary: Kingsbaker, C. Louis. 2005. “List of ﬁ res and 
explosions in extraction plants.” Atlanta, Georgia. 3 p. Aug. 
4. Unpublished manuscript. Address: Stuttgart, Arkansas.
714. Gertz, Deborah. 1990. Quincy Soybean sees record 
sales, growth. Herald-Whig (Quincy, Illinois). March 25. p. 
3I.
• Summary: “In 1984, the company added a coal-ﬁ red boiler 
system for energy economy at the Quincy plant.”
 The ﬁ rm has also begun reﬁ ning vegetable oil. In Sept. 
1984, Quincy Soybean purchased a soybean crushing facility 
at Helena, Arkansas, from Riceland Foods. That facility, 
located on the Mississippi River 65 miles south of Memphis, 
Tennessee, includes a processing plant, vegetable oil reﬁ nery, 
and an elevator.
 The company recently purchased 15 oil barges for 
transporting soy oil to and from New Orleans, Louisiana. A 
portrait photo shows Mike Foster, executive vice president. 
Address: H-W staff writer.
715. Anderson, Jim. 1990. Lowell Andreas tells of start in 
Kato. Mankato Free Press (Minnesota). April 28. p. 3.
• Summary: A speech to the Venture Capital Club, Lowell 
Andreas carried important business lessons. Dwayne and 
Lowell Andreas, brothers, arrived in Mankato (Minnesota) 
from Iowa in 1947. For nearly two decades they ran the 
Honeymead Products Co. In 1947, when they bought the 
expeller plant, it could process 1,500 bushels of soybeans a 
day. After a disastrous ﬁ re, the plant was rebuilt to a capacity 
of 3,500 bushels a day. During the 1950s this grew to 50,000 
bushels.
 In 1960 the Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association 
(GTA) bought the plant; Lowell agreed to manage the plant 
for 10 years for a share of the proﬁ ts.
 After a 1965 ﬂ  ood, dikes were built around the plant and 
surrounding residential area.
 In 1966 the brothers were approached by ADM–then 
based in Minneapolis–and invited to buy controlling stock 
and run the company. As competitors, the Andreas brothers 

=== PAGE 233 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   233
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
knew what was wrong with ADM from the outside. They 
could see all the dumb things the company was doing so 
they knew what needed to be done to correct the situation. 
For example, they unloaded ADM’s unproﬁ table chemical 
division.
 One of the toughest decisions was to move ADM’s 
headquarters to Decatur, Illinois, where its biggest plant was 
located. During a trip to the Grand Cayman Islands, Lowell 
recalls how he sat in the bow of his sailboat alone, mulling 
over this problem. Finally he called to his wife, Nadine–who 
thought he was being romantic. When she sat down next 
to him, he asked her how she would like to live in Decatur, 
Illinois.
 In 1965 ADM was a struggling company with sales of 
$323 million; in 1989 it had sales of more than $8 billion.
 A portrait photo shows Lowell Andreas. Address: Staff 
writer.
716. United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. 
1990. Ralston Purina Company, Plaintiff-Appellant, v. A.E. 
Staley Manufacturing Company, Defendant/Cross-Appellant. 
Court Decicion 90-1019, -1045. 3 p. Decided July 5, 1990. 
Unpublished manuscript.
• Summary: “Decision: Ralston Purina Company (Ralston) 
appeals from a judgment of the United States District Court 
for the Central District of Illinois, No. 84-1378 (July 27, 
1989), holding the United Stated Patent No. 3,940,495 
(‘495) unenforceable for inequitable conduct. A.E. Staley 
Manufacturing Company (Staley) cross-appeals denial of 
its motion to amend the judgment to include an award of 
attorney fees. We afﬁ rm.”
 “Opinion: Evidence that Ralston intended to deceive the 
Patent and Trademark Ofﬁ ce (PTO) includes: (1) Brukardt 
and Price knew of the Archer-Daniels-Midland (ADM) 
Dutch application no later than 1968; (2) Ralston made no 
disclosure of the ADM Dutch application until 1973; (3) 
Ralston’s disclosure of the ADM Dutch application appeared 
in an 18 page statement discussing 118 references; and (4) 
when the PTO examiner said that he had not fully considered 
the cited references and objected to the statement, citing 
Manual of Patent Examining Procedure 707.05(b), Ralston 
refused to limit the statement to the ﬁ ve most pertinent 
references... Ralston did not and could not contest the ﬁ nding 
that the ADM Dutch Patent application was material. The 
ﬁ ndings are not clearly erroneous and support the inferences 
drawn.
 “Ralston’s reliance on Ralston Purina Co. v. Far-Mar-
Co, Inc., 772 F.2d 1570, 227 USPQ 177 (Fed. Cir. 1985) 
is misplaced. Inequitable conduct was neither at issue nor 
considered in that case.
 “In denying Staley’s motion for attorney fees, the district 
court considered all relevant factors (Ralston’s inequitable 
conduct, that ‘the issues in the case were very hotly contested 
and the case was vigorously litigated,’ and our holdings on 
validity and infringement in Far-Mar-Co). We cannot say 
the district court abused its discretion in denying Staley’s 
motion.”
 Before Markey and Michel, Circuit Judges, and 
Brewster, District Judge.
 “Note: This opinion has not been prepared for 
publication in a printed volume because it does not add 
signiﬁ cantly to the body of law and is not of widespread 
legal interest.”
717. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1990. Annual 
report: Partners–Working together in food production. 11717 
Burt St., Burt Plaza, Suite 200, Omaha, Nebraska 68154-
1581. 24 p. 31 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 1990 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$848.621 million, down 10.4% from $946.707 million in 
1989. Earnings before income taxes: $65.200 million, up 
40.3% from the $46.483 million in 1989.
 AGP “retired all Class B Preferred stock held by Land 
O’Lakes and Farmland Industries, and issued a cash payout 
of remaining allocated patronage equities.”
 Note: Talk with Bell Lester (expert on AGP history) 
of Omaha, Nebraska. 2007. Nov. 6. The Class B 
Preferred stock was really money that Land O’Lakes and 
Farmland Industries invested in AGP on the original day 
of reorganization in 1983. By retiring or redeeming that 
preferred stock, AGP is basically paying back that debt. AGP 
did the same thing with the AGP members–members of the 
old Boone Valley–who had loaned AGP startup capital and 
been given an equivalent amount of Class B Preferred stock. 
In 1982 and 1983, Bill had gone out and raised that money 
for AGP’s capitalization.
 AGP also acquired the Lincoln, Nebraska, grain 
terminal. Stockholders from Utah, New York, Mississippi, 
and Canada came aboard. The company now has 8 soybean 
processing plants.
 On pages 2-12 is an excellent year by year history 
of AGP, with good “big picture” context and background 
information for each year, sidebar quotations, and many 
color photos including Lindsay, Knobbe, and each member 
of the board of directors. AGP “was the product of a forced 
marriage in the uncertain early 1980s.” CEO Lindsay says 
(p. 11): “I started mentioning the word ‘proﬁ ts’ when I ﬁ rst 
came to the company. Back in the old days, cooperatives 
used the word ‘savings.’ That word has the connotation 
that you’re not there to try to make money for the company 
so it can grow and sustain itself. I think cooperatives are 
now coming to the realization that they have to ﬁ nance the 
business they’re in. Our most signiﬁ cant accomplishment in 
the past seven years has been the dramatic improvement in 
our ﬁ nancial position–going from 135 percent debt to equity 
[ratio] down to the 20 percent level, paying off the Class A & 
B preferred stock on which we were originally committed.” 
“At AGP, we never forget that everything we do begins in 

=== PAGE 234 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   234
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
the ﬁ eld and returns to the farmstead.” On the back cover 
(for the ﬁ rst time on an AGP report): “Printed with Soy Ink.” 
Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
718. Product Name:  Health Burger Mix (Dry Mix) 
[“Sausage” Flavor or Grille Flavor].
Manufacturer’s Name:  Mission Foods.
Manufacturer’s Address:  2205 Highway 66, P.O. Box 
3075, Ashland, OR 97520.  Phone: 503-488-2451.
Date of Introduction:  1990 December.
Ingredients:  TVP–soy ﬂ our [fortiﬁ ed with zinc 
(oxide), iron (ferrous sulfate), vitamin B-3 (niacinimide 
[niacinamide]), calcium (pantothenate), vitamin B-6 
(pyridoxine hydrochloride), vitamin B-2 (riboﬂ avin), 
vitamin B-1 (thiamin hydrochloride), vitamin A (palmitate), 
vitamin B-12], rolled oats, soybean oil, parsley, onion salt, 
caramel and certiﬁ ed color, natural and artiﬁ cial ﬂ avorings, 
hydrolyzed vegetable protein. No MSG or animal products 
used.
Wt/Vol., Packaging, Price:  8 oz plastic Ziploc bag. Makes 
1 lb.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
Nutrition:  Per 2 oz ready to eat meatless serving: Calories 
198, protein 19 gm, carbohydrates 25 gm (Dietary ﬁ ber 
8.2 gm), total fat 2.8 gm (% calories from fat 12% vs 64% 
for beef burger; saturated fat 0.25 gm), cholesterol 0 mg, 
calcium 75 mg, copper 0.6 mg, iron 7.7 mg, potassium 925 
mg, sodium 138 mg, zinc 8.6 mg.
New Product–Documentation:  Talk with Clyde Boismenue 
of Basic Foods. 1991. March 7. Robin and Paul Noll are 
marketing a product that looks something like what Fantastic 
Foods has done. Its a dry product.
 Talk with Robin Noll. 1991. March 7. This product was 
introduced in test market in Dec. 1990. Their organization, 
whose ofﬁ cial name is simply “Mission,” is a portable 
mission, a church on wheels in the form of a bus. They 
provide local soup kitchen service.
 Label with sample, letter, photo of bus, and lea ﬂ et sent 
by Robin Noll. 1991. March 8. Label. 4.75 by 1.6 inches. 
Black, white, pink, and orange on yellow. Illustration of 
3 angels holding a large heart, in the middle of which is 
written, “Cholesterol-free! High ﬁ ber and protein. Low 
sodium & fat!” The label also states: “Quick & easy! Use 
with or without ground meat. Needs no refrigeration. 8 oz. 
makes 1 lb.”
 The lea ﬂ et (8.5 by 11 inches, black on tan) states 
that Health Burger is “Made with Proﬁ bertine, combining 
protein and ﬁ ber in a unique way... Ideal for folks allergic 
to wheat (and gluten) eggs and dairy products, or who want 
to reduce their fat, cholesterol and salt intake while adding 
high quality protein and ﬁ ber.” Then it lists “Four easy ways 
to use Burger Mix,” gives a typical nutritional analysis and 
compares it to beef. “Diabetic exchanges: Equal to 2 lean 
meats and one bread portion.”
 The letter notes: “Although we have sold 8 oz. retail 
packages for test-marketing purposes as well as frozen 
burgers for local hospital use, we really would like to 
specialize in the 25 lb. bulk boxes (@$1.50/lb = $37.50 
F.O.B. Ashland)... We have a full range of dry textured soy 
products available that we broker for the Paciﬁ c Northwest, 
as well as carrying the Chewy Lumen/Heartline products... 
We are considering relocating to the Eugene area this 
summer.”
 Talk with Robin Noll. 1991. March 12. TVP (made 
by ADM) is NOT one of the ingredients. The Nolls buy 
textured soy ﬂ our in the form of ﬂ avored bits from PMS 
Foods in Kansas. The Nolls use a process developed by Paul 
(an inventor) to mix these bits with oats and grains so that 
the grain ﬁ ber combines with the soy to yield Proﬁ bertine, 
a unique product made and trademarked only by them. 
They fund their work from their savings. Their children are 
grown up and they wanted to do something they enjoyed and 
believed in. It is not yet supporting itself. They are too small 
to ask for county funding. Meals on Wheels does not like soy 
products.
719. Lundin, Vernard E.; Berg, Ken. 1990. At the bend in the 
river: An illustrated history of Mankato and North Mankato 
[Minnesota]. Chatsworth, California: Windsor Publications, 
Inc. 128 p. See p. 103. Illust. Index. 29 cm. [1 soy ref]
• Summary: Contains a very good 1-page history of Mankato 
Soybean Products, Inc., which was renamed Honeymead 
Products Co. in 1947. The ﬁ rst half of this history is very 
similar to (but shorter than) that which appears in the 
following article: Torgerson, Susan. 1980. “Mankato No. 
2 in nation in soy processing: 40 years ago industry didn’t 
amount to a hill of beans.” Land (The) (Southern Minnesota) 
4(10):1, 13, 38. April 24.
 The second half adds: In 1947, when the Andreas family 
bought the company from the Washington Egg and Poultry 
Association, the family had feed mills [and soybean crushing 
plants] in Iowa under the name Honeymead; so they decided 
to rename their Mankato company Honeymead Products Co.
 Lowell Andreas introduced modern solvent extraction 
technology to the Mankato plant to replace the old-fashioned 
expeller that pressed out the oil.
 In 1960 Honeymead was sold to the Farmers Union 
Grain Terminal Association, a grain marketing cooperative 
based in St. Paul, Minnesota. In 1964 Honeymead expanded 
into hydrogenating the soybean oil it extracted from 
soybeans; this “hardened” soybean oil was sold to companies 
making margarine or shortening.
 In 1968 Lowell Rasmussen was named president and 
continued the growth initiated by the Andreas family.
 During the past 25 years–from 1965 to 1990–production 
has expanded markedly, from a soybean processing capacity 
of 50,000 bushels, ﬁ ve railroad tank cars of reﬁ ned oil, and 
four tank cars of hydrogenated oil per day, to 80,000 bushels, 

=== PAGE 235 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   235
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
12 cars of reﬁ ned oil, and 18 cars of hydrogenated oil daily.
 Rasmussen retired in 1984 and Merritt Petersen 
succeeded him as president. “Honeymead Products Co. and 
its 185 employees continue to serve Minnesota, the United 
States, and several foreign countries.” A large glossy black-
and-white aerial photo shows the present Honeymead plant 
in mankato. Address: Mankato, Minnesota.
720. Product Name:  Soybean Oil.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Denison, Texas.
Date of Introduction:  1991 March.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. 
Soybeans, Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, 
Arizona: Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 125-32, 153-
172. This plant, a vegetable oil reﬁ nery not a crushing plant, 
was previously owned by Conway Oil. Ag Processing Inc 
(AGP) purchased the plant on 1 March 1991.
721. Eichberg, Joseph. 1991. The lecithin industry and 
market worldwide (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. May 23. 
Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: There are basically two types of lecithin 
companies: Soybean crushing companies that produce crude 
lecithin from soy oil (e.g. Ferruzzi/Central Soya, ADM, 
Honeymead), and lecithin companies that buy crude lecithin 
from soybean crushers and fractionate it to make various 
products (e.g. Lucas Meyer, Nattermann Phospholipid 
GmbH). These lecithin products can be further classiﬁ ed 
into two broad types: those used in foods, and those used in 
pharmaceutical and cosmetic products.
 A ranking of lecithin companies worldwide by sales 
of lecithin products (i.e. total monetary value) would look 
something like this: 1. Ferruzzi/Central Soya. 2. Nattermann 
Phospholipid GmbH. 3. Lucas Meyer. 4. Archer Daniels 
Midland Co. (ADM). 5. Honeymead Products Co.
 It is not clear whether Nattermann or Lucas Meyer is 
the second largest in sales. Lucas Meyer probably moves 
a larger volume by weight, but Nattermann sells mostly 
pharmaceutical and cosmetic products with a very high price 
per unit weight.
 Note: This is the earliest English-language document 
seen (March 2016) that contains the word “fractionate” in 
connection with lecithin. Address: American Lecithin Co., 
P.O. Box 4056, Atlanta, Georgia 30302.
722. Rasmussen, Wayne David. 1991. Farmers, cooperatives, 
and the USDA: A history of Agricultural Cooperative 
Service. Washington, DC: U.S. Department of Agriculture. 
xii + 292 p. July. Illust. No index. 22 cm. Series: Agricultural 
Information Bulletin No. 621 [97 ref]
• Summary: Contents: Preface. Foreword, by Randall E. 
Torgerson, Administrator, ACS, USDA. 1. Agricultural 
cooperatives–What and how: Deﬁ ning agricultural 
cooperatives (deﬁ nitions, principles), types of agricultural 
cooperatives (early cooperatives, production cooperatives, 
marketing cooperatives, purchasing cooperatives, mixed-
typed cooperatives, cooperatives in other nations), need for 
cooperatives, role of cooperatives, cooperatives today, role of 
government, Agricultural Cooperative Service vision.
 2. American cooperation in the beginning: From 
settlement to the Civil War (American Indian agriculture, 
Jamestown and Plymouth, other pioneer efforts, butter and 
cheese cooperatives), Civil War and agricultural revolution 
(National Grange, Cooperative Coopers of Minneapolis 
[Minnesota], Farmers Alliance, National Farmers Union, 
American Society of Equity, commodity and independent 
cooperatives, fruit and vegetable marketing associations), a 
continuous thread. 3. Early federal work with cooperatives: 
Benign neglect, research work begins, Federal Farm Loan 
Act, postwar (World War I) reorganization of cooperative 
work.
 4. Farm depression, cooperatives, and Capper-V olstead: 
Farm depression, building farmer cooperatives, cooperatives 
and antitrust (need for legislation, forces for legislation), 
Capper-V olstead Act of 1922. 5. Cooperative Marketing Act. 
of 1926: Division of Agricultural Cooperation, pressure for 
legislation for cooperative work, Cooperative Marketing Act 
of 1926, Division of Cooperative Marketing organizes.
 6. Federal Farm Board and Farm Credit Administration, 
1929-1953: Federal Farm Board, Farm Credit 
Administration, USDA and farmer cooperatives, 1939-
1953. 7. Independence, change and challenge–1953-1969: 
Agriculture’s changing face, independence for FCA and 
FCS, Farmer Cooperative Service organizes, challenges of 
the 1950s, decade of the 1960s. 8. Good times for farming–
the 1970s: Changing administrations and organizations, 
strengthening cooperatives in the 1970s, toward a new 
decade.
 9. Farm depression and recovery- The 1980s: 
Administration: Cooperative support cools, Agricultural 
Cooperative Service organizes, helping cooperatives survive 
a Depression decade, recovering from the decade. 10. 
Agricultural Cooperative Service–Today and tomorrow: A 
future for cooperatives, ACS and the cooperative community, 
working with federal agencies, rural development 
opportunities, state universities and experiment stations, 
educating industry and the public, tomorrow’s problems, 
looking to the future, and a few ﬁ nal thoughts.
 Appendixes: A. Agricultural Cooperative Service: A 
chronology. B. Capper-V olstead Act. of 1922. C. Cooperative 
Marketing Act of 1926. D. Agricultural Fair Practices Act. of 
1967.
 E. Number of farmer cooperatives, memberships, 
and farms [1913-1989]. The number of co-ops increased 

=== PAGE 236 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   236
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
from 3,099 in 1913 to a peak 12,000 in 1930, had fallen to 
9,345 in 1960, and was 4,799 in 1989. Total memberships 
increased from 651,186 in 1915, reached a peak of 7.7 
million in 1956, and had fallen to 4.1 million in 1989.
 F. Farmer cooperatives business volume [1913-1989]. 
The gross volume [sales] of farmer cooperatives increased 
from $310.3 million in 1913, rose to a peak of $101,479.2 
million in 1981, and had fallen to $85,501.8 million in 1989. 
The net business volume [proﬁ ts] of farmer cooperatives rose 
from $8,147 million in 1951 to a peak of $71,534 million 
in 1981, and had fallen only slightly to $71,109.5 million in 
1989.
 Appendix: A. Agricultural Cooperative Service: A 
chronology. 1867–National Grange, ﬁ rst general farmers’ 
organization to sponsor cooperatives, organized by a USDA 
employee.
 1913 May 1–T.N. Carver was appointed as collaborator 
to organize the Rural Organization Service, which was in the 
USDA but was ﬁ nanced by the private General Education 
Board.
 1913 May 16–Ofﬁ  ce of Markets, which included studies 
of cooperative marketing and distribution, established within 
the Rural Organization Service, with Charles J. Brand as 
chief.
 1913–T.N. Carver, in article in USDA Yearbook, urged 
cooperation among farmers and in rural communities.
 1914 May 8–Smith-Lever Act establishing the 
Cooperative Extension Service, approved (38 Stat. 372).
 1914 Oct. 15–Clayton Antitrust Act approved.
 1915 July 1–Ofﬁ  ce of Markets merged with Rural 
Organization Service as the Ofﬁ ce of Markets and Rural 
Organization (38 Stat. 1087).
 1916 July 17–Federal land banks established by Federal 
Farm Loan Act (39 Stat. 360).
 1917 July 1–Ofﬁ  ce of Markets and Rural Organization 
redesignated as the Bureau of Markets (39 Stat. 1162).
 1921 July 1–Bureau of Markets and Bureau of Crop 
Estimates combined as Bureau of Markets and Crop 
Estimates, with a Division of Cooperative Relations (41 Stat. 
1341).
 1922 Feb. 18–Capper-V olstead Act, giving cooperatives 
certain exemptions from antitrust laws, approved (42 Stat. 
388).
 1922 July 1. Bureau of Markets and Crop Estimates was 
combined with the Ofﬁ ce of Farm Management and Farm 
Economics to form the Bureau of Agricultural Economics, 
with a Division of Agricultural Cooperation (42 Stat. 5311).
 1925 Jan.–American Institute of Cooperation organized.
 1926 July 2–Cooperative Marketing Act approved. 
It established the Division of Cooperative Marketing in 
the Bureau of Agricultural Economics, which transferred 
functions of the Division of Agricultural Cooperation to it 
(44 Stat. 802).
 1935 May 11–Rural Electri ﬁ cation Administration 
established.
 1953 Dec. 4–The Cooperative Research and Service 
Division, formerly part of the Farm Credit Administration, 
became Farmer Cooperative Service (FCS), reporting to 
the Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for Federal-States 
Relations.
 1954 April 13–Joseph G. Knapp, who had been acting 
administration of Farmer Cooperative Service since its 
establishment, was named administrator.
 1966 Sept. 1–David W. Angevine became administrator 
of FCS, replacing Joseph Knapp who retired on 2 July 1966.
 1977 Dec. 23–Farmer Cooperative Service combined 
with Economic Research Service and Statistical Reporting 
Service to form Economics, Statistics, and Cooperative 
Service (ESCS). The new agency reported to the Assistant 
Secretary for Economics and Policy Analysis.
 1980 Sept. 17–Secretary of Agriculture Bob Bergland 
established the Agricultural Cooperative Service (ACS) as 
an independent agency under the Assistant Secretary for 
Marketing and Transportation Services.
 1980 Oct. 1–ACS formally began operations with 
Randall E. Torgerson as administrator.
 Soy is mentioned occasionally in passing, as on p. 245.
 Wayne Rasmussen was born in 1915. Note: A positive 
review of this book appeared in 1992 in the American J. 
of Agricultural Economics 74(3):843-45. Aug. Address: 
Agricultural historian, USDA.
723. Kahn, E.J., Jr. 1991. Supermarketer to the world: The 
story of Dwayne Andreas, CEO of Archer Daniels Midland. 
New York, NY: Warner Books. viii + 320 p. Illust. Index. 24 
cm.
• Summary:  The colorful, carefully researched story 
of Dwayne Andreas, the 73-year old CEO of the largest 
agricultural processor in the USA. The success he has 
made of ADM makes “the better-known success stories of 
Xerox and IBM look like kid’s stuff. Andreas has multiplied 
revenues 25 times over (from $323 million to $7.9 billion) 
since taking the Archer Daniels Midland helm in 1965–en 
route converting his own $1,500 investment into $180 
million. His sales staff produce at an annual rate of three 
quarters of a million each. He doubles ADM proﬁ ts every 
ﬁ ve years with the regularity of a Swiss clock. And since 
the Bush election, he’s hoisted revenues by about a billion 
dollars a year. All of this with long-term debt 30 percent less 
than cash on hand...
 “But there’s a lot more than numbers to Dwayne 
Andreas. He’s known by insiders as the new Armand 
Hammer. When Mikhail Gorbachev met Tip O’Neill, the 
Soviet premier greeted him with, ‘I hear you know my 
friend Dwayne Andreas.’ He is an almost mystical guru to 
the power elite, yet he is little understood by professional 
analysts.”
 Page 59: “Dwayne’s father and mother, Reuben Peter 

=== PAGE 237 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   237
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Andreas and Lydia Barbara Stoltz, were both born in 1882 
to strict Mennonite families, a couple of months apart and in 
Illinois towns–he in Midgeville, she in Sterling–a few miles 
apart. They were married in Sterling on Nov. 27, 1902, and 
not long afterward moved to Minnesota. She was... small in 
stature. The tallest of her ﬁ ve sons stood at ﬁ ve feet eight 
inches... While raising the boys and a single girl–Dwayne, 
born on March 4, 1918, was next to the last of the lot...” 
Lydia Andreas died in 1938 on Mother’s Day [the second 
Sunday in May].
 Page 70: In 1935 Dwayne entered Wheaton College 
in Illinois. But near the end of his sophomore year he 
dropped out, concluding his formal education. Moreover 
he got married when he was 18 [ca. 1937] and she 3 years 
older, to Bertha Benedict, whom he met at Wheaton. “That 
youthful union was short-lived and ended in divorce, but it 
did produce daughter Sandra, later McMurtrie and Mother 
Teresa’s faithful acolyte.” Note: Sandra ﬁ rst went to India in 
1981 with a friend who worked for Catholic Relief Services. 
In Calcutta they met Mother Teresa–the celebrated Catholic 
nun.
 Note 2. After Bertha and Dwayne Andreas were 
divorced, Bertha later married B.C. Kruidenier, to whom she 
remained married until her death–as shown by her obituary 
(cited elsewhere).
 Page 71: Another and ultimately more important reason 
for dropping out of college was to go into business with his 
father. Since 1927 the ﬁ rm’s name had been “Reuben’s & 
Son” [or “R.P. Andreas & Son” the son being Albert]. In 
the mid-1930s, Reuben took in 3 more sons, Osborn, Glenn 
and Dwayne and the company was renamed. Lowell, the 
youngest of the sons, who was still in high school, came in 
later. “Dwayne, not yet twenty, was put in charge of sales 
promotion,” and soon annual sales reached $1 million.
 In 1936 the Andreases moved their family milling 
company (named R.P. Andreas & Sons) to Cedar Rapids, 
Iowa (from Lisbon, Iowa), and renamed it Honeymead 
Products Co. Dwayne “came under the tutelary spell of one 
of his Jewish mentors, Joseph Sinaiko, a leading soybean 
processor.” The two became close personal friends. Joe, who 
was 27 years older than Dwayne, owned Iowa Milling Co. in 
Cedar Rapids. Years later Andreas said of Sinaiko: “A very 
classy guy, and the best soybean processor of that era.”
 In 1936, Lowell Andreas was in charge of soybean 
processing at Honeymead and Dwayne ran sales and 
transportation. But Dwayne soon became executive ofﬁ cer.
 In Aug. 1937 the Iowa Securities Commission 
authorized Honeymead to do a public stock offering. 
The company’s net worth was appraised at $24,200. The 
Andreases kept most of the stock for themselves–but the 
value rose rapidly. Also in 1937 Dwayne got a pilot’s license 
and bought a Ercoupe plane–so he could expand his sales 
territory and decrease the time it took him to cover it.
 Page 78: From 1938 to 1945 Honeymead grew steadily, 
with Dwayne at the helm. Then in June 1945 Dwayne’s 
draft classiﬁ cation was changed to 1A. In anticipation of 
being called into the military, he sold 60% of the family’s 
Honeymead holdings to Cargill. Dwayne was now age 27 
and his personal sale of the proceeds from the sale was 
about $1.5 million. Soon the war ended and Dwayne was not 
drafted, so Cargill invited him to become general manager 
of the former Honeymead plant at Cedar Rapids, Iowa–with 
a salary of $25,000 a year. Dwayne accepted the offer and 
ended up working for Cargill for seven years, eventually 
rising to vice president in charge of soybean and linseed-oil 
operations.
 Andreas has said that “Except for nuclear war, world 
hunger is the world’s biggest threat to peace.”
 Page 80: “Cargill was based in Minneapolis and, while 
there Andreas, by now separated from his [ﬁ rst] wife, 
became an increasing well known bachelor about town.” He 
met and began to court Inez Snyder, a diminunitive (5’2”) 
blonde from Earlham, Iowa. Her ﬁ rst marriage broke up 
and she had a ﬁ ve-year-old daughter named Terry. Before 
the year was out [year not given, around 1947] Dwayne was 


=== PAGE 238 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   238
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
divorced and Inez and he were married.
 Page 129: Michael Andreas is the only child of 
Dwayne and Inez, who by 1991 had been married for a little 
more than 40 years. By 1990 Dwayne and Inez had nine 
grandchildren [p. 123].
 On the cover is a nice color photo of Andreas standing in 
front of a ﬁ eld of soybeans. Andreas was born in 1918. The 
author, Ely Jacques Kahn, was born in 1916. Portions of this 
book appeared, in considerably, different form, in The New 
Yorker. Address: Writer for The New Yorker.
724. Raffensperger, Terry. 1991. Ag plant expands building. 
St. Joseph News-Press / Gazette (Missouri). Oct. 13. p. 1E, 
4E.
• Summary: Ag Processing Inc., a farm cooperative based 
in Omaha, Nebraska, with a soybean processing plant in St. 
Joseph, continues “to expand and solidify its position as a 
major player in the agri-business network.” The company 
prefers a low proﬁ le, says Bill Lester, vice president of 
corporate relations and governmental affairs. Lester says the 
company has 8 soybean processing plants in 4 states, but “St. 
Joseph is its ﬂ agship plant.”
 In 1987 AGP constructed its hydrogenation plant. But 
1987 also saw problems as 72 Teamsters union workers went 
on a 4½-month strike–a process “marked by high tensions 
and emotions that resulted in several rock-throwing and 
vandalism incidents.”
725. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1991. Annual 
report: Partners in food production. 11717 Burt St., Omaha, 
Nebraska 68154-1581. 24 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 1991 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$864.675 million, up 1.9% from $848.621 million in 1990. 
Earnings before income taxes: $43.016 million, down 
14.1% from the $65.200 million in 1990. Contains an 8-year 
summary of consolidated operating and ﬁ nancial statistics.
 The truck department expanded. A special division of 
Engineering and a Rail Transport Specialist were added. 
AGP Grain Cooperative organized and sold stock to local 
cooperatives. On 1 March 1991 AGP acquired a full-service 
vegetable oil reﬁ nery in Denison, Texas. A color aerial photo 
shows the plant.
 Bar charts (p. 13-15) show annually, from 1984 to 1989: 
(1) Capital spending. (2) Depreciation. (3) Capitalization. 
(4) Long term debt to equity ratio. (5) Long term debt. (6) 
Members’ equity. (7) Earnings before taxes. (8) Earnings 
before taxes to equity ratio. Contains many color photos, 
including top management and the Board of Directors, 
currently made up of four farmers and ﬁ ve cooperative 
elevator managers.
 Membership: At ﬁ scal year end, there were 381 active 
local cooperatives and 11 regional cooperatives located in 15 
states and Canada. These AGP stockholders represent more 
than 300,000 farmers. Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
726. Ag Innovation News (AURI–Agricultural Utilization 
Research Inst., Crookston, Minnesota). 1992. Cenex/
Land O’Lakes introduces corn, soybean-based surfactant 
developed in partnership with AURI. 1(1):1, 7. Jan.
• Summary: The new product, named “Preference,” is a 
non-ionic surfactant which is mixed with various herbicides 
and applied by farmers to control weeds. Soy oil and corn 
oil are used in place of petroleum. The product offers high 
performance at a very competitive price. “Surfactants are 
added to spray mixtures to improve the absorption and 
effectiveness of foliar-applied insecticides, herbicides, 
fungicides, and defoliants.”
727. Nebraska Soybean Development, Utilization and 
Marketing Board. 1992. Meeting agenda. Jefferson City, 
Missouri. 2 + 4 p. March.
• Summary: This meeting took place on March 17-18, 1992 
at the Cornhusker Hotel, Lincoln, Nebraska. Soy Diesel was 
on the agenda in four sessions. Present at dinner on March 
17 were: John Campbell, AGP; Marc Berg, South Dakota, 
American Soybean Association Board of Directors; Scott 
Frederickson, ADM.
 Attached is the following 4-page document (which see): 
Requested report to United Soybean Board on Soy Diesel, 
by Kenlon Johannes (March 1992). Address: Jefferson City, 
Missouri.
728. Johnson, Lawrence A.; Meyers, D.J.; Burden, D.J. 1992. 
Soy protein’s history, prospects in food, feed. INFORM 
(AOCS) 3(4):429-30, 432, 434, 437, 438, 440, 442-44. April. 
[54 ref]
• Summary: “This is the second part of a review that 
chronicles the individuals and the historical and economic 
factors noteworthy in the development of soy protein as 
food and feed ingredients.” Contents: Introduction. Early 
Western food uses (whole and defatted soy ﬂ our, enzyme-
modiﬁ ed isolated soy proteins as whipping agents, whipped 
toppings, cereal-soy blends). Soy ﬂ our and grits. Protein 
concentrates and isolates (Grifﬁ th Laboratories, Central Soya 
Co., Mead Johnson and Co., Central Soya). Dairy analogs 
(Dr. Harry W. Miller, Loma Linda Foods, Mull-Soy and 
Borden, Vitasoy, Edensoy, Worthington Foods and Soyamel, 
Prosobee and Mead Johnson, Rich Products and Chill-Zert, 
Tofutti). Spun ﬁ bers (Robert Boyer and the Ford Motor Co., 
Temptein, Worthington Foods, Bontrae, Bac*O’s, Bac-O-
Bits, Miles Laboratories, Morningstar Farms). Textured soy 
protein and meat analogs (W. Atkinson, ADM and TVP, 
General Mills and frozen Bontrae, the U.S. School Lunch 
Program). Nutritional advances in soy products. Today’s 
world soybean and soy protein production (consolidation 
among manufacturers of modern soy protein ingredients: 
ADM, Cargill, Central Soya Co., Protein Technologies 
International, A.E. Staley Mfg. Co.). Future of soy protein 

=== PAGE 239 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   239
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
products.
 Tables show: (1) Soy meal consumption in the USA by 
type of animal: Poultry 41.1% of total 18.9 million metric 
tons, swine 27.4%, beef cattle 9.0%, dairy cattle 9.0%, other 
livestock 9.5%, human food 3.2%, industrial 0.5%. Thus, 
industrial (nonfood, nonfeed) uses for soybeans presently 
comprise no more than 0.5% of the protein produced from 
soybeans grown in the United States. (3) U.S. companies 
supplying protein in 1948-50 versus 1990 (industrial and 
edible ﬂ ours, concentrates, and isolates). 23 companies then 
vs. 5 in 1990.
 Note: Talk with Ed Milligan of EMI by phone. 1992. 
May 5. This article contains some misleading information. 
It refers to an article by Ken Becker written in 1971. In 
1958-59 USDA developed a laboratory prototype of ﬂ ash 
desolventizing. In 1959 they contacted EMI corporation in 
Des Plaines to commercialize the ﬂ ash desolventizing system 
for production of light-colored, edible soybean ﬂ akes, for soy 
ﬂ our and grits, with a maximum PDI (protein dispersibility 
index). At that time Ed Milligan was just a newly hired 
member EMI, which undertook the project. In 1960 Ed 
designed and installed the world’s ﬁ rst commercial ﬂ ash 
desolventizing system for Honeymead Products Corp. in 
Mankato, Minnesota. Note that this system was used to make 
food, rather than feed. All but 2 systems have been used 
exclusively to make foods. All such systems produce a ﬂ ake 
with a very light color and controlled PDI, whereas a DT 
(desolventizer-toaster) produces a golden colored ﬂ ake. He is 
leaving for India in a few weeks to commission EMI’s 22nd 
such unit. He has designed, installed, and started every one 
of the 22. Address: Center for Crops Utilization Research, 
Iowa State Univ., Ames, Iowa 50111.
729. Milligan, Edward D. 1992. Re: History of his and EMI’s 
pioneering work in developing ﬂ ash desolventizing. Letter 
to Larry A. Johnson at Iowa State University, May 15. 2 p. 
Typed, without signature on letterhead.
• Summary: Describes “The history of EMI Corporation’s 
participation in the development of the Flash Desolventizing 
System, for the production of edible desolventized soybean 
ﬂ akes with high, medium and low PDI.
 “In 1959, EMI (then known as ‘Engineering 
Management, Inc.’) was approached by USDA to collaborate 
on commercialization of the process they had developed 
in their Peoria facility [the Northern Regional Research 
Laboratory]. See April 20, 1959 letter attached. EMI did 
proceed with this project and in 1960 completed the ﬁ rst such 
FDS for Honeymead Products Co. in Mankato, Minnesota. 
See attached cover sheets for ‘Flour Desolventizing System’ 
dated July 11, 1960 attached. Also see Central Soya Co. 
memo on test samples dated Aug. 22, 1961.
 “Though originally experimental, the unit was highly 
successful and operated for more than 10 years until 
Honeymead built a complete new ﬂ our plant in the 1970’s, 
including a new FDS with more than double the original 
capacity.
 “The ﬁ rst plant was designed simply to produce ﬂ akes 
with maximum PDI and it achieved that objective, the ﬂ akes 
produced analyzed as much as 90 PDI, depending upon the 
PDI of the inlet ﬂ akes.
 “In the late 1960’s the most signi ﬁ cant development was 
in the process for ﬂ ake stripping and cooking, to produce 
high medium and low PDI (fully cooked) ﬂ akes, having a 
light color. EMI developed the combination of a horizontal 
‘stripper’ vessel, combined with another horizontal ‘cooker’ 
vessel, to achieve this. This process proved highly successful 
and became standard for the industry. EMI received a Food 
Processing Award for this process in 1977.” Address: Chief 
Engineer, EMI Corp., 3166 Des Plaines Ave., Des Plaines, 
Illinois 60018-4223. Phone: (708) 827-3164.
730. Hm News (Honeymead Newsletter). 1992. Honeymead’s 
history dates back to 1938. No. 26. Spring. p. 1.
• Summary: An excellent 1-page history of Honeymead 
Products Co.
 1939–Mankato Soybean Products Inc. is formed on the 
site of the abandoned Minnesota Pipe and Tile Co. The key 
man is William Blethen, a young lawyer. The principal piece 
of equipment was a single expeller. Riley Lewis was the ﬁ rst 
plant manager.
 1942–Washington Egg and Poultry Association, a 
cooperative, purchased the company and operated it until...
 1949–The company is purchased by the Andreas family, 
which had feed mills in Iowa under the name Honeymead. 
As a result, Mankato Soybean Products Co. became known 
as Honeymead Products Co. Lowell Andreas, Honeymead’s 
chief ofﬁ cer, soon introduced solvent extraction equipment 
from Europe.
 1960–Honeymead is sold to the Farmers Union Grain 
Terminal Association (GTA), a grain marketing terminal 
based in St. Paul.
 1963–Honeymead expands into hydrogenating soybean 
oil.
 1968–Lowell Rasmussen is named president; he 
continues the growth initiated by the Andreas family.
 1984–Rasmussen retires as president and is succeeded 
by Merrit Peterson.
 1992–Today Honeymead Products Company has 200 
employees. Its present capacity is 80,000 bushels, 12 railroad 
tank cars of reﬁ ned oil, and 18 cars of hydrogenated oil.
 An aerial photo shows the huge plant, next to a river, 
next to a freeway. Address: [Mankato, Minnesota].
731. St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri). 1992. Ag Processing 
conﬁ nes acid spill to roof. Aug. 9. 2B.
• Summary: On Saturday afternoon 150 gallons of sulfuric 
acid spilled on the roof of AGP’s building at 900 Lower Lake 
Road. It was contained by the plant’s own chemists and did 

=== PAGE 240 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   240
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
not spread to the ground.
732. Johannes, Kenlon. 1992. [SoyDiesel]. SoyNotes: A 
Newsletter for MSA and MSMC Board Members (Missouri). 
Aug. 11. p. 1-2.
• Summary: “Our summer interns are John Kleiboeker, who 
is working with me on SoyDiesel... Jennifer Lichte, who is 
working with Susie on Soyoil promotions.” Both interns are 
from UMC [Univ. of Missouri–Columbia].
 “The ﬁ nal draft of the national SoyDiesel plan of 
attack prepared by Information Resources, Inc. (IRI) of 
Washington, DC, will be reviewed by the National Soy 
Fuels Advisory Committee (NSFAC) at their August 21 
meeting. The NSFAC was created by state checkoff boards 
to ‘nationalize’ the SoyDiesel effort. Gary Ellington serves 
as chairman of the group. I serve as staff person for the 
effort. The Council [MSMC] decided at their May meeting 
that Missouri would provide staff and general services for 
the national effort at least until October 1. That is when the 
national effort should be organized.
 “Petrofsky Bagel Company, St. Louis, is the latest 
Missouri company agreeing to use the SoyMark on their 
packaging labels. Petrofsky’s was honored by the Missouri 
Department of Agriculture as being the 1992 exporter of the 
year. They bake some 100,000 bagels a day, using Soyoil in 
their recipe. The SoyMark will appear on labels beginning in 
January 1993.”
 “Dennis Fulk displayed the Ford SoyDiesel truck at the 
Platte County Fair [Missouri] on July 16. Then it traveled 
to the Four-State Farm Show in Pittsburg, Kansas, on July 
17-19.” The event was co-sponsored by the Kansas Soybean 
Association.
 “Tom drove the truck to the Milan, Tennessee, ﬁ eld day 
held July 23. There was good media coverage of the truck 
at this event sponsored in cooperation with the Tennessee 
Soybean Association.” Three other places where the truck 
appeared in Missouri are described.
 Missouri elevator managers support the national 
checkoff but they think the rate is too high.
 “Tom traveled to the Clean Air Transportation and 
Engine Show in Milwaukee [Wisconsin] June 27-July 1. 
Tom worked at the ASA [American Soybean Association] 
sponsored booth that featured the UMC SoyDiesel pickup, 
the diesel / electric hybrid car and AgP’s [AGP] semi-tractor 
fueled with SoyDiesel.”
 “The Soybean Month proclamation signing takes place 
at 10:30 a.m., Wednesday, August 26 in the Governor’s ofﬁ ce 
at the Capitol. Soybean Month activities are being ﬁ nalized.” 
Address: Jefferson City, Missouri.
733. Petka, Tom. 1992. The casein industry and market 
(Interview). SoyaScan Notes. Sept. 14. Conducted by 
William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Casein became classiﬁ ed as a chemical and a 
non-dairy product in about 1948-49 by the Federal Trade 
Commission, at about the same time that price supports 
for dairy products began. At that time it was used almost 
exclusively for industrial applications (such as adhesives 
and sizings) rather than in foods. Today about 80% of 
the casein in America is used for foods–mainly imitation 
cheeses, whip toppings, and other imitation dairy products, 
plus medical and nutritional products prescribed by doctors. 
The remaining 20% is used for industrial purposes–mainly 
adhesives and sizings.
 There are presently no companies in America that make 
casein; government price supports for milk price it out of the 
world market. The last U.S. manufacturer, Land O’Lakes, 
stopped in the 1970s. All casein used today in America is 
imported, mainly from New Zealand, Ireland, France and the 
Netherlands.
 Note: If this outdated and misleading classi ﬁ cation of 
casein as a non-dairy product could be changed, it would 
open up a huge market for soy protein products (isolates, 
soymilk, tofu), primarily in foods and beverages. Address: 
American Casein Co., 109 Elbow Lane, Burlington, New 
Jersey 08016. Phone: 609-387-3130.
734. Davis, Susan. 1992. Tank up with SoyDiesel: Clean Air 
Act pumps interest in alternative fuel. Soybean Digest. Aug/
Sept. p. 10-11.
• Summary: Leon Schumacher of the University of 
Missouri–Columbia, tests and drives a Dodge pickup with 
“Powered by Soybean Oil” printed on the tailgate. It turns 
plenty of heads and evokes the “thumbs up” sign. What 
started as a simple research project has exploded into a 
national campaign. “SoyDiesel is made by esterifying 
degummed soybean oil. As requirements of the Clean Air Act 
of 1990 start to take effect, “everything from boats to buses 
will be required to reduce emissions.” Tests have shown that 
SoyDiesel can cut pollution by up to 86%.
 Bill Ayres, vice president of Interchem Industries, has 
a pilot plant manufacturing SoyDiesel at Leawood, Kansas. 
It sells for $2.50/gallon compared to $1 for regular diesel. 
“Interchem has 15 million gallons of SoyDiesel available and 
plans to build a new plant for additional production. Cargill, 
ADM, and Ag Processing [AGP] are exploring building 
esteriﬁ cation plants near soybean processing plants.”
 One problem with SoyDiesel is that it jells at 28 degrees 
F, according to Bill Ayres.
 Ferruzzi-Montedison is building a plant in Livorno, 
Italy, to make 18 million gallons a year of Diesel-Bi.
 A sidebar, titled “Projects hit the road,” discusses: 
Sunrider: United Soybean Board is “providing 17,500 
gallons of 100% SoyDiesel and funding a $60,000 
educational program.” Ferruzzi-Montedison is testing two 
buses in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. During the summer 
Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, vehicles will use Diesel-Bi. 
Bi-State Industries fuels 60 buses in the greater St. Louis, 

=== PAGE 241 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   241
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Missouri, area with a blend of 25% soy and 75% diesel. 
MSMC is funding a project with ﬁ ve tractors. “More than 
100 maintenance vehicles at Lambert International Airport 
in St. Louis, Missouri, run on a 30% methyl soyate blend. 
Missouri, Ohio, Michigan, and Nebraska use SoyDiesel in 
demonstration vehicles.”
 A photo shows Kenlon Johannes standing by the rear of 
a Ford pickup truck. The license plate reads “Soy-Oil.”
735. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1992. Annual 
report: Partners in food production. 12700 West Dodge Road, 
P.O. Box 2047, Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. 24 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 1992 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$1,126.667 million, up 30.0% from $864.675 million in 
1991. Earnings before income taxes: $43.236 million, up 
0.5% from the $43.016 million in 1991. Contains a 9-year 
summary of consolidated operating and ﬁ nancial statistics.
 AGP is the largest cooperative soybean processing 
company in the world. “On December 2, 1991 AGP entered 
into a partnership agreement with Archer Daniels Midland 
[ADM] to purchase International Multifoods’ North 
American Ag Operations which included Supersweet Feeds, 
Supersweet Agri Centers, the Supersweet Research Farms, a 
Grain Division, and Masterfeeds in Canada. In conjunction 
with this came the acquisition of ADM Feed Corp. with its 
formula feed mills and pet food operations. The two U.S. 
feed divisions have been merged into one under Supersweet 
Feeds... Pet Foods was set up as a separate division in 1991.” 
AGP manages all these operations for the partnership [of 
which it is the majority partner] under the name AGP, L.P.; 
it “operates 19 feed manufacturing plants, 3 pet food plants 
and 29 Agri Centers located throughout the midwest.” The 
Agri Centers are “retail stores selling feed and other farm 
supplies.”
 AGP tells the story of its origins in the book Soybeans, 
Cooperatives, and Ag Processing Inc., by Margaret Finnerty, 
which is published in 1992. Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
736. Green, Cindy. 1992. Soy-based Preference debuts to 
rave reviews. Ag Innovation News (AURI–Agricultural 
Utilization Research Inst., Crookston, Minnesota) 1(4):5. 
Oct.
• Summary: Preference is a new non-ionic surfactant or 
adjuvant based on soy oil that mixes with pesticides to 
make them more effective. It is manufactured in Winona, 
Wisconsin by Cenex/Land O’Lakes. AURI helped launch the 
product’s development with $78,000 in June 1989.
737. Biodiesel Alert (Arlington, Virginia). 1992. Background: 
NSDB supports SD/BD. 1(1):1. Dec.
• Summary: “The National SoyDiesel Development 
Board (NSDB) has grown out of and replaced the National 
SoyFuels Advisory Committee (NSFAC), which was 
founded by a group of mid-west soybean farmers. They were 
concerned that the worldwide buildup of soybean oil reserves 
would seriously depress the value of soybean oil, and 
consequently the value of soybeans. They were, therefore, 
looking for a major new market for soybean oil, and saw that 
SoyDiesel / Biodiesel (SD/BD) has the potential to be that 
market.
 “The Missouri Soybean Council took the lead in 
advancing the concept and was supported by the pioneering 
SD/BD work of Interchem, STRATCO, Procter & Gamble, 
AgP [AGP] and the University of Missouri.” Note: This is 
the earliest document seen (Oct. 2017) that mentions AGP in 
connection with biodiesel.
 “The members of the NSFAC were fully aware of how 
the growing ethanol industry had helped to stabilize the 
price of corn, one of ethanol’s main feedstocks. They were 
also aware that the Biodiesel industry is quickly advancing 
in Europe, particularly in Austria and Italy, and judged that 
soybean farmers could beneﬁ t from an American Biodiesel 
industry. Fortunately, enough research has been done in 
the United States and other countries... to provide a good 
scientiﬁ c and technical foundation on which to build a SD/
BD industry in the United States.
 The NSFAC hired an outside contractor, Information 
Resources, Inc. of Washington, D.C., to explore the potential 
of the industry, develop a strategic plan, and propose an 
organizational structure and budget. The resulting study 
recommended the formation of NSDB and this advice was 
accepted by the NSFAC. The leadership of NSFAC became 
the leadership of NDSB which has helped to maintain the 
momentum. The NSDB is moving rapidly; establishing the 
Biodiesel Coordinating Council (BCC) to bring all interested 
parties (farm groups, government, industry, universities, 
etc.) together in a cooperative effort to advance the SD/BD 
industry. The ﬁ rst major meeting of the BCC was held in 
Washington, D.C., on November 6, 1992. (A report of that 
meeting is on page 4).
 “Gary Ellington of Missouri is the Acting Chairman 
of NSDB and Kenlon Johannes, also from Missouri, is the 
acting Chief Executive Ofﬁ cer. Jim Gay of Illinois is Vice 
Chairman as well as chairman of the Research Committee. 
David Stone of Iowa is Secretary / Treasurer and a Board 
Member. Leroy Brammer of Indiana, Richard Prascher of 
Nebraska, Don Settlemire of Ohio, and Wayne Bietz of 
South Dakota are also Board Members.
 “The NSDB is supported by farmer check-off dollars 
provided by the United Soybean Board through the American 
Soybean Association. This makes NSDB a subcontractor to 
the ASA. Farmer check-off dollars are also made available to 
NSDB by the Qualiﬁ ed State Soybean Boards.”
 “NSDB is temporarily headquartered with the Missouri 
Soybean Council. Mr. Johannes can be reached at: (800) 
841-5849 and (314) 635-5122. His address is P.O. Box 
104898, Jefferson City, Missouri 65110-4898.”

=== PAGE 242 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   242
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
738. Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. 1992. Cargill: Trading the world’s 
grain. Hanover, New Hampshire, and London: University 
Press of New England (Dartmouth College). xx + 1007 p. 
Illust. Index. 24 cm. [500+* ref]
• Summary: Cargill, one of the world’s great multinational 
commodity trading companies, is one of the largest 
corporations in the USA, with annual sales of over $44 
billion. It is the largest privately owned U.S. company, 
with almost all ownership in the hands of the Cargill and 
MacMillan families. In descending order of size in this 
industry are Cargill, Continental Grain, Louis Dreyfus, and 
Bunge y Born. All are privately owned, each by a dominant 
family. Only Cargill has been in the USA from its birth. 
Though it is now 125 years old, Cargill has had only ﬁ ve 
CEOs (p. xvii).
 The soybean arrives: Cargill purchased and stored some 
soybeans in 1935 and continued the same small transactions 
in 1936, though none remained in inventory at the year’s 
end. Cargill began to take notice of soybeans in mid-1936 
when the Chicago Board of Trade initiated a soybean futures 
contract as a new source of revenue. Cargill leadership 
expressed little interest in soybean processing, which was 
already in the hands of “big fellows” like ADM, Staley, 
Allied Mills, Glidden, and Spencer Kellogg & Sons (p. 447).
 Cargill’s work with soybeans is discussed extensively, 
starting with Chapter 15, “Cargill in World War II” (p. 617+). 
In 1942 President Roosevelt persuaded Congress to pass 
price-control legislation, creating the powerful OPA, the 
Ofﬁ ce of Price Administration. It had a dramatic effect on 
U.S. agriculture. Meat and poultry were increasingly in short 
supply, so feed grains took priority over food grains. Corn 
and even surplus wheat was used as feed. Labor shortages in 
agriculture led to more mechanization and fertilizer use rose 
dramatically (p. 618). Soybeans became a key ingredient 
in animal feeds, and Cargill began purchasing in larger 
quantities. The OPA ceilings on soybean meal were so low 
that it was much more proﬁ table for crushers to put their 
meal into their own feeds, rather than sell it. Against this 
background, in Jan. 1943, Cargill announced the purchase 
(for $300,000) of a soybean mill and feed plant, the Iowa 
Milling Co., in Cedar Rapids, Iowa [from Joe Sinaiko]; the 
initial push came from Julius Hendel.
 Then in Oct. 1943 additional soybean crushing capacity 
was acquired through the purchase of the Plymouth 
Processing Mills (capacity: 75 tons/day of soybean meal) of 
Fort Dodge, Iowa.
 Later that same month another soybean crushing plant 
was purchased–the Illinois Soy Products Company (soybean 
crushing capacity: 3,900 bushels/day) of Springﬁ eld, Illinois. 
These were small facilities and none used solvent extraction, 
but they represented a beginning; soybean crushing soon 
became a major part of for Cargill as the company worked to 
diversify (p. 665-66).
 In May 1945, again with Hendel’s leadership, Cargill 
purchased the Honeymead Products Co. in Cedar Rapids, 
Iowa. It had a feed plant with a capacity of 300 tons/day 
and a soybean solvent extraction plant (designed by Allis-
Chalmers Co.) which initially had a capacity of 50 tons/day, 
expanded to 130 tons/day. Cargill called Honeymead their 
“West Side Plant”–but they forgot to buy the Honeymead 
name. The Andreas family sold the company because 
Dwayne Andreas had been classiﬁ ed 1-A in the draft (the 
highest priority for being drafted). The Andreas family 
owned the property and Dwayne agreed to join Cargill. 
Cargill asked the draft board for and received a 3-month 
deferment. At the end of that time the Paciﬁ c war was 
over. Andreas soon became a vice president of Cargill, the 
youngest in the company’s history. “He thought like an 
owner” (p. 682, 687). Later, other Andreas family members 
resurrected the Honeymead name for their new oilseed 
crushing plant at Mankato, Minnesota (p. 683).
 Rocky reconversion after World War II. During World 
War II there was a major increase in scientiﬁ c livestock 
feeding, using nutritionally balanced feeds–in response to 
the shortage of all feeds. Cargill already owned the proﬁ table 
Blue Square feed operation, but they wanted to expand it. So 
in Oct. 1945 Cargill purchased (for $1.6 million) the entire 
capital stock of Nutrena Mills Inc., a leading Midwest feed 
manufacturer with three mills (Kansas City and Coffeeville 
[Coffeyville], Kansas; and Sioux City, Iowa) and a combined 
capacity of 23,000 tons/month. Nutrena, now 25 years old, 
was one of the industry pioneers in both feeds and feed sacks 
(p. 688).
 During World War II, the all-out agricultural production 
in the USA led to record output. Total production of soybeans 
increased from 78 million bushels in 1943 to 193 million 
bushels in 1945. Yet Cargill and others had great difﬁ culty in 
obtaining the soybeans they needed. Gilbert C. Fite describes 
the agricultural revolution that took place during the war 
(p. 695-96). There was great pressure on government price 
administrators to loosen or remove controls; when they 
ﬁ nally started to do, in May 1946, inﬂ ation followed. Julius 
Hendel wisely remarked: “The cure for high prices is high 
prices.” The ceiling price on soybeans was not removed until 
17 Oct. 1946 (p. 703).
 Dwayne Andreas has a good idea and receives a 
$10,000 bonus (p. 704). Nutrena and Honeymead cause 
organizational problems. Centralization vs. decentralization. 
Tension between the Grain Division and the Oil Division–
especially over soybean purchasing. The Alfred P. Sloan 
model of decentralized management at General Motors 
is widely imitated. By the early 1950s Cargill was 
decentralized (p. 707-712).
 Chapter 17, “Korean War and Tradax beginnings.” 
After World War II came the cold war, Truman Doctrine, 
NATO, and the Korean War. In agriculture, the New Deal 
policies of the 1930s continued essentially unchanged (p. 
737-38). In 1950 Cargill purchased a new oilseed / soybean 

=== PAGE 243 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   243
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
processing plant (capacity: 700 tons/day) in Chicago for 
more than $2 million. By 1951 the Oil Division was renamed 
the Vegetable Oil Division (p. 745). The Cargill Oats Case 
of May 1954. In Oct. 1954 ADM pleads guilty to CCC 
allegations. Selling oat futures vs. soybean futures (p. 761). 
1952–Dwayne Andreas “resignation” after his unauthorized 
trip to Russia in April. He went on to an outstanding career, 
ﬁ rst with his family’s company, then as an executive with 
the company that bought it, the Grain Terminal Association 
(later called Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association), and 
ﬁ nally as CEO and a major owner of ADM. He was replaced 
by M.D. “Pete” McVay as head of the Oil Division (p. 762-
64).
 1954–Cargill begins international trading with the move 
to Montreal of Kerrgill, a subsidiary of Cargill Internacional. 
It was soon renamed Tradax Canada Ltd. Cargill’s 
headquarters on Lake Wayzata, Minnetonka, Minnesota (p. 
774-75).
 1953 Jan.–Dwight D. Eisenhower is inaugurated as 
president. In July 1953 he settled the Korean war. Ezra 
Taft Benson advocates a new farm policy, a return to a free 
market economy and ﬂ exible price supports (p. 776-77). 
1955 Sept.–Julius Hendel retires. He was considered the 
“dean of grain trading.” He had pioneered Cargill’s grain 
laboratory in the 1920s, introduced scientiﬁ c mixed feeds 
in the 1940s, and designed Cargill’s renowned training 
program. (p. 782-85).
 Eisenhower’s second term in of ﬁ ce (1956-60) is an 
era of farm surpluses. The P.L. 480 or “Food for Peace” 
shipments were an “heroic attempt to insulate some of this 
production from commercial channels.” They totaled over 
$1 billion each year from 1956 into the 1960s. In 1959 
Cargill had sales of $1.089 billion, making it the 34th largest 
company in the USA (p. 786-87). The Chase Manhattan 
Bank’s consulting report and analysis of Cargill is blunt, 
credible, very positive but with many important suggestions 
for change; the soybean was the star of the Oil Division (p. 
868-71). Summary of Cargill, 1963-1991 (p. 874-75).
 Photos show: (1) Dwayne Andreas ca. 1950 (p. 682). 
Address: Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire.
739. Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. Soybeans, cooperatives and 
Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, Arizona: Heritage Publishers, 
Inc. 178 p. Illust. Index. 28 cm.
• Summary: This book has big strengths and big weaknesses. 
Strengths: (1) It contains by far the best history to date of 
AGP and of each of soybean processing companies that 
comprised AGP in 1992. This was in part because the book 
was commissioned by AGP and the author interviewed 
most of the key players. (2) It contains a wealth of excellent 
photos and facsimile reprints of articles. Weaknesses: (1) 
Many key dates are missing, including the dates of articles 
that were reprinted, and key dates in the history individual 
companies. (2) In several chapters, the author tells the story 
of a company without adhering to chronological order; this is 
most confusing in Part III, “Ag Processing Inc.” For example 
the explanation of “tax credits” (p. 157) comes 3 pages after 
they were used (p. 154), (2) Truth is sometimes sacriﬁ ced for 
cooperative politics or to make individuals look good. For 
example, we are not told why it was so important to have the 
AGP deal closed by 31 Aug. 1931 (p. 161). For the real story, 
see 2005 interview with Bill Lester.
 Contents: Acknowledgment. Introduction. Part I: A 
long history. Soybeans. Cooperatives (brief history of each, 
incl. origins of Land O’Lakes in Minnesota Cooperative 
Creameries, established in 1921; John Brandt became its 
president in 1923). Part II: Soybean processing and vegetable 
oil reﬁ ning. The roots of Ag Processing Inc. Sheldon, Iowa 
(1943, Big 4). Fort Dodge, Iowa (1939-1943?, Plymouth 
Processing Mills). Dawson, Minnesota. Van Buren, 
Arkansas. Sergeant Bluff, Iowa. St. Joseph, Missouri. 
Manning, Iowa. Mason City, Iowa. Denison, Texas. Eagle 
Grove, Iowa. Part III: Ag Processing Inc. AGP–Continuing 
to survive, adapting to change.
 Sheldon, Iowa: Started in 1943 by Big 4 Cooperative, 
a regional cooperative with 2 new expellers bought from 
French Oil Mill Machinery Co. in Piqua, Ohio. Made Felco 
Feeds under franchise agreement. Slow to get into solvent 
extracting. Big 4 was a member of a cooperative named Soy-
Cot (headquartered in Chicago, Illinois), which handled the 
sales of soybean oil from each of the cooperative processing 
plants to the big vegetable oil reﬁ ners such as Kraft, 
Procter & Gamble, Hunt-Wesson, Safeway, Honeymead, 
etc. In 1965, Ken McQueen was elected general manager 
at Sheldon. In late 1965 the Farmers Elevator Service Co. 
(headquartered in Fort Dodge, Iowa, and known as Felco) 
merged with Statex (a service cooperative headquartered 
in Omaha, Nebraska). The new organization was named 
Farmers Regional Cooperative Co. On 1 Oct. 1967 Big 
4 merged into Farmers Regional Cooperative Co., Ken 
McQueen moved from Sheldon to Fort Dodge, as vice-
president of Felco, with the Sheldon plant now one of his 
many responsibilities. Bill Lester [who had started work 
for Big 4 Cooperative at Sheldon on 15 Aug. 1965] then 
became the manager of the Sheldon soybean crushing plant. 
In 1970 [on Jan. 1] Farmers Regional Cooperative Co. 
(Felco) merged with Land O’Lakes, a Minnesota regional 
cooperative. Big 4 then became a division of Land O’Lakes. 
In 1979 the Big 4 name was dropped; the Sheldon facility 
became the Oilseed Crushing and Grain Marketing Division 
of Land O’ Lakes. By 1983 the Sheldon plant was processing 
34,000 bushels/day and employing 90 people. Photos show: 
(1) Towering concrete silos overlooking the original wooden 
buildings of the Sheldon processing plant; on the side of 
one is written: “Big 4 Co-op Processing Assn. Soybean 
processing. (2) The original expellers at work inside the 
plant. (3) The Big 4 Feed Plant in Sheldon; it made livestock 
and poultry feed for Felco. (4) The Big 4 ﬂ eet of delivery 

=== PAGE 244 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   244
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
trucks. (5) Close-up of 5 expellers in a row. (6) Aerial view 
of the Big 4 soybean processing plant and feed mill. (7) Old 
buildings and new. (8) Diagrams of the expeller and solvent 
plants. (9) Ground view of the plant with railroad tracks 
and cars. (10) The four original managers of the Big 4 plant 
at Sheldon: Kenneth McQueen, Charles Hanson, Morel 
Stientjes, and Lee Parmentier. (11-12) Aerial views of the 
facility in 1991.
 Fort Dodge, Iowa. Plymouth Processing Mills began 
processing soybeans in about 1939-1941, starting with a 
pair of French expellers. “Soybeans were a lifesaver to the 
town’s economy and to the surrounding countryside.” They 
took the place of oats, when had been grown to feed horses; 
but then horses were replaced by tractors an cars. On 13 
Oct. 1943 this plant (75 tons/day of soybean capacity) was 
sold to Cargill. On 19 May 1944 a huge tornado destroyed 
Cargill’s 3-story brick soybean processing plant. In 1946 
Cargill installed solvent extraction equipment (125 tons/
day capacity); the new technology worked side by side 
with the expellers for more than a decade. In the 1950s the 
solvent plant was expanded to 250 tons/day and the expellers 
were retired. In about 1960 Cargill discontinued the feed 
operations. In 1962 a Rotocel extractor (20 feet in diameter, 
originally belonging to General Mills in Rossford, Ohio) 
was installed; it added 400 tons/day of soybean processing 
capacity. By the mid-1960s the plant capacity was 600 tons/
day. In Oct. 1967 the Felco cooperative (headquarters in Fort 
Dodge, Iowa) merged with Big 4 in Sheldon, Iowa. Felco 
eventually changed its name to Farmers’ Regional Company, 
headquartered in Fort Dodge. On 1 April 1970 FGDA (a 
huge co-op headquartered in Des Moines, Iowa) and Land 
O’Lakes Creameries merged to form Land O’Lakes, Inc. In 
1971 Land O’Lakes acquired the soybean processing plant 
in Fort Dodge from Cargill. In June 1982 [or perhaps Sept. 
1983] the Fort Dodge was shut down–permanently.
 Photos show: (1) The original factory, H.R. Heath & 
Sons’ Yankee Cereal Mills, later acquired by Quaker Oats. 
(2-3) Two aerial views of the Fort Dodge plant while owned 
by Land O’Lakes. (4) Ground view of the plant, railroad 
tracks, and empty rail cars. (5) Aerial view of the facility in 
1991, used to store and load out crude soybean oil. Address: 
Author, Heritage Publishers, Inc., 2700 Woodlands Village 
Blvd., Suite 300-200, Flagstaff, Arizona 86001. Phone: (602) 
526-1129.
740. Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. Soybean processing: 
Dawson, Minnesota. In: Margaret Finnerty. 1992. Soybeans, 
Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, Arizona: 
Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 51-66.
• Summary: On 9 Nov. 1950 a meeting of local farmers 
was called, and resulted in the formation of the “Tri-County 
Cooperative Soybean Processing Association.” At the initial 
meeting at the Carnegie Library, local businessmen pledged 
$20,000. On 9 Feb. 1951 ground was broken for the building. 
Joe Givens tells the story of how he became manager (for 
almost 30 years) of Tri-County. Two of his friends from the 
early 1940s knew about soybeans, and they wrote theses on 
soybeans and had a special process developed at Iowa State 
College in Ames. Givens, intrigued with the mechanics and 
chemistry of soybean processing, went to work for Crown 
Iron Works Co., which had acquired a patent on the Iowa 
State process. DuPont also had some patents on the process. 
Givens went to Dawson and worked from September to 
mid-December to install equipment and get the plant up 
and running. But the equipment was crude and very poorly 
designed, mostly by students at Iowa State. The plant began 
full-time operation on 26 Nov. 1951. AGP employee Bernice 
Oellien has written an unpublished history of Dawson 
Mills. There were big problems from the beginning. It 
was found that meal extracted with the solvent being used, 
trichlorethylene [trichloroethylene], killed the ruminants 
(cattle or sheep) it was fed to. They developed anemia and 
bled to death over 4 terrible weeks. Joe Givens became 
manager on 20 Jan. 1952. He found that it was the steam 
pressure in the toaster that caused the meal to become toxic. 
So he switched to a non-pressure toaster and that solved the 
problem. However meal treated with trichlorethylene had 
quickly gotten a bad name in the feed industry. Even if it 
was clearly labeled “Not for ruminants,” farmers shied away 
from feeding it to pigs or poultry. The company survived 
by selling their soybean meal, made with the same solvent, 
to a company that made plywood glue. Then in December 
1952, about a year after its bumpy start, Tri-County was 
closed by order of the Minnesota Dep. of Agriculture; 
further sales of trichlorethylene-extracted soybean meal 
were prohibited. The doors closed on Dec. 24, Christmas 
Eve. Dawson Mills planned a lawsuit against DuPont, Iowa 
State College, and Crown Ironworks, with Rudy Saltness as 
their excellent attorney. Dawson was one of 6 clients suing. 
Crown settled out of court. In an agreement with DuPont 
and Iowa State, they agreed to pay for changing the 6 plants 
from trichlorethylene to hexane solvent. Dawson’s new 
plant opened without problems on 1 May 1953–but was near 
bankruptcy. The next three years were very tight ﬁ nancially. 
Then Dawson increased capacity by buying a new extractor. 
After the ﬁ rst 5 difﬁ cult years, the company began to grow 
and thrive. The town’s ﬁ rst annual Soybean Day was held in 
the spring of 1959. In 1969 the company name was changed 
to Dawson Mills. In 1977 the site for an isolate plant was 
acquired a mile outside Dawson. The plant began producing 
meat substitutes just as the market for them disappeared. The 
company began losing more than 1 million dollars a quarter. 
On 1 March 1980 Dawson Mills merged with Land O’Lakes. 
“Together with plants at Sheldon and Fort Dodge, Iowa, the 
plant at Dawson now constituted the Soybean Division of 
Land O’Lakes.” In May 1981 the soy isolate facility closed.
 Photos show: (1) Aerial view of the Dawson plant in 
winter with snow on the ground. (2) A truck platform lift 

=== PAGE 245 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   245
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
which raises the front of a loaded truck so that the soybeans 
pour out the back into a hopper. (3-4) Two aerial views of 
the Dawson plant which show its location in the middle of 
town; therefore it had trouble expanding. (5) Joe Givens 
with part of the Crown solvent extraction equipment before 
its installation. (6) Dawson employees outside the ofﬁ ce in 
1964. (7) Crown Ironworks solvent extraction equipment at 
work inside the Dawson plant. Crown used this plant as a 
working model for many innovations to its machinery. (8) 
Joe Givens cooking soybean pancakes on a revolving griddle 
in 1960 (photo from Soybean Digest). (9) Soybean oil loaded 
on rail tanker cars. (10) An employee grading soybeans in 
1969. (11). Two employees bagging Dawson 44% Protein 
Soybean Meal in 1969. (12) An aerial view of Dawson 
Mills’ plant for making edible soy protein isolate and related 
products. (13) Rail cars at the Dawson plant. (14) Aerial 
view of the Dawson plant, which proudly displays its AGP 
logo in 1984. (15) Aerial view of the Dawson plant in 1991. 
Continued. Address: Author, Heritage Publishers, Inc., 2700 
Woodlands Village Blvd., Suite 300-200, Flagstaff, Arizona 
86001. Phone: (602) 526-1129.
741. Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. Soybean processing: Van 
Buren, Arkansas. In: Margaret Finnerty. 1992. Soybeans, 
Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, Arizona: 
Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 69-75.
• Summary: On 1 Jan. 1959 construction began on the new 
plant in the Arkansas River Valley in western Arkansas. 
Arkansas farmers from ﬁ ve local cooperatives worked 
with a Kansas-city [Missouri] based regional cooperative, 
the Consumer Cooperative Association (CCA, which 
bought 53% of the stock), to create the new plant, which 
they named the Consumers Processing Association. The 
plant, which opened on 27 Oct. 1959, cost $1 million and 
could transform 8,300 bushels/day of soybeans into oil 
and meal, employ 25 people, and operate 24 hours a day 
for 200 days/year. The town proclaimed it “Soybean Day.” 
The celebration drew over 3,000 people. Tells the story 
of Howard Cowden, a pioneer in the farm cooperative 
movement and founder of CCA, which owned a feed-mixing 
plant nearby. They used the soybean meal from Van Buren, 
packaged in 50-lb bags, and sold under the popular double-
circle Co-Op brand. In 1966 CCA’s name was changed 
again to Farmland Industries, Inc. The Van Buren plant was 
Farmland’s ﬁ rst venture in soybean processing. Eventually 
Farmland operated 3 soybean processing plants: Van Buren, 
Sergeant Bluff (Iowa), and St. Joseph, Missouri [started in 
about 1938 by Dannen Mills, then sold in Sept. 1963 to the 
Farmers Union Cooperative Marketing Association (CMA)]. 
A wholly owned subsidiary was formed, Farmland Soy 
Processing; it was “eventually sold to Boone Valley in the 
1983 reconﬁ guration.”
 Photos show: (1) Soybean storage facilities at the Van 
Buren plant. (2) Aerial view of the Van Buren plant in 1991. 
(3) Aerial view of the plant when it was owned by Farmland 
Industries Cooperative. (4) Ground level view of the plant. 
(5) AGP employee Tom Ames loads soybean oil into a rail 
car. (6) Soybean storage facilities. (7) New equipment: 
complex, specialized and efﬁ cient. Address: Author, Heritage 
Publishers, Inc., 2700 Woodlands Village Blvd., Suite 300-
200, Flagstaff, Arizona 86001. Phone: (602) 526-1129.
742. Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. Soybean processing: Sergeant 
Bluff, Iowa. In: Margaret Finnerty. 1992. Soybeans, 
Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, Arizona: 
Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 76-84.
• Summary: Sergeant Bluff, Iowa (located 14 miles 
south of Sioux City on the Missouri River). In May 1973 
Farmland Industries, Inc. decided to expand into the soybean 
processing ﬁ eld. The board authorized over $12 million to 
construct a facility from the ground up. It started operating 
on 1 Oct. 1975. The ofﬁ cial grand opening and open house 
was Oct. 16.
 Photos show: (1) Aerial view of the Sergeant Bluff 
facility in 1991. (2) Ernest T. Lindsey, who was president 
and CEO of Farmland Industries when the Sergeant Bluff 
plant was built. (3) Barge loading facilities which have 
been damaged by river ice. (4) The plant’s concrete storage 
silos. (5) Guests and visitors at the plant on grand opening 
day, 1975. (6) “Trucks banner ﬁ rst loads of soybeans” 
from 4 different states–South Dakota, Nebraska, Iowa, and 
Minnesota. Standing in front of each truck, several men hold 
a large sign (black on white) that reads: “Farmland soybean 
plant. Co-op. 1st load in from {state name}.” (7) Inside 
the ofﬁ ce where staff support the plant. Address: Author, 
Heritage Publishers, Inc., 2700 Woodlands Village Blvd., 
Suite 300-200, Flagstaff, Arizona 86001. Phone: (602) 526-
1129.
743. Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. Soybean processing: St. 
Joseph, Missouri. In: Margaret Finnerty. 1992. Soybeans, 
Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, Arizona: 
Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 86-101.
• Summary: In 1826, St. Joseph, Missouri (on the Missouri 
River) was founded by fur trader Joseph Robidoux and 
settled as a trading post. It became the jumping-off place for 
49ers and the eastern terminus of the Pony Express (1860-
61). In 1900 its population was 100,000.
 In 1918 Henry Dannen started the Dannen Hay and 
Grain Company in St Joseph. The city’s population had 
now dropped to 70,000. In 1934 the company built its ﬁ rst 
feed mill and elevator in St. Joseph; it still stands at 8th and 
Atkinson streets. Henry’s son, Dwight, fresh out of college, 
became manager of the feed mill.
 Since they were using a lot of soybean meal in their 
feed, they decided to make it themselves. Dannen purchased 
a press with a capacity of 600 bushels/day from the French 
Oil Mill Machinery Co. in Piqua, Ohio, and bought an old 

=== PAGE 246 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   246
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
building from the Missouri-Paciﬁ c Railroad. This became 
the home of Dannen Soybean Corporation. The soybean mill 
began operation on 22 Feb. 1938. It was the ﬁ rst soybean 
processing plant in Missouri. Dannen found it difﬁ cult to sell 
this “new-fangled” product, soybean meal, to conservative 
farmers on the Great Plains; if they were feeding any protein 
at all, they preferred to use cottonseed cake, linseed meal, 
corn gluten feed, and/or tankage. In those days, soybean 
oil was selling for 3½ cents a pound, but the demand for 
the meal was so poor the some crushers considered using 
it as fertilizer. A few agricultural schools even discouraged 
soybean production.
 But as World War II began to appear inevitable, some 
people realized that imports of vegetable oils might be 
cut off. Even before Pearl Harbor, the U.S. government 
encouraged increased meat production, which required more 
soybean meal.
 Convinced that the soybean processing business had 
potential, Dannen purchased 5 more French Oil Mill presses. 
By late 1939 the Dannen plant was processing 4,200 bushels/
day.
 After the start of World War II, the U.S. government 
stepped in as a new buyer and seller. The government took 
ownership of all the soybeans grown in America, then paid 
mills like Dannen a ﬁ xed price to process them into oil and 
meal. That arrangement was much more safe and proﬁ table 
because the mills no longer had to own the soybeans or to 
market their products. The government took care of that. 
“The oil and meal were considered war essentials just like 
gasoline.”
 But during the war there was a serious shortage of labor. 
Dwight Dannen hired 30 Americans of Japanese descent, 
but local opposition killed the project in two weeks. The 
white Americans refused to work with these newcomers. 
“Eventually, Dannen remembered, the Japanese-Americans 
were put in relocation camps.”
 During this time Dannen added a hexane solvent plant 
from V .D. Anderson Co. It was fairly small, was set up 
outdoors, and wasn’t very efﬁ cient. In 1948 the hexane 
plant exploded, destroying the plant and killing Dannen’s 
mill superintendent, their general superintendent, and their 
soybean meal superintendent. The explosion was caused 
by a hexane leak; when the motors were turned off, a spark 
ignited the hexane-saturated air.
 The tragic loss of life sobered everyone. But soon the six 
expellers were replaced by a new Blaw-Knox solvent plant, 
which was up and running within a year. During the war, the 
Dannens set up a preferred stock that employees to help them 
save; it paid 6% interest at a time when typical interest rates 
were about 2%.
 On 27 Nov. 1953 a ﬁ  re destroyed the Dannen Mills 
soybean plant at 22nd and Garﬁ eld. But within two months, 
on 20 Jan. 1954, a ceremony was held to commemorate the 
start of work on a new feed mill. Not far from the smoldering 
ruins, it was an apt metaphor for a company that just kept 
growing. The processing plant was not only rebuilt, but 
expanded, with added processing and storage capacity. 
Dannen was soon storing a large amount of grain for the 
U.S. government; when their total grain storage reached 15 
million bushels, they were the 7th largest grain handler in the 
USA.
 The company acquired an abandoned dump on Lower 
Lake Street near its soybean plant and used the property 
to build barging facilities. “In the spring of 1960 the ﬁ rst 
barges left the new Dannen wharf carrying soymeal and 
oil downriver to New Orleans [Louisiana] and on to export 
markets.” On the return trip they would load the barges with 
molasses, to be used as an ingredient in their animal feeds.
 In 1963 the Farmers Union Cooperative Marketing 
Association, CMA, wanted to buy Dannen as a way of 
entering the soybean processing business. They approached 
Dwight Dannen, who decided to sell the whole company, 
which by now consisted of the soybean crushing plant, 
the feed manufacturing plant, a grain marketing facility, 
and poultry operation with about 100,000 hens, a trucking 
operation, and many local elevators. Dwight Dannen retired 
in 1964–to much fanfare, since he was widely regarded as a 
ﬁ ne employer, a ﬁ ne businessman, and a ﬁ ne person. Upon 
his retirement, John Dotson became manager of the facility 
in St. Joseph.
 Brief history of CMA: In 1914 it was incorporated 
under the name Farmers’ Union Jobbing Association, in 
Topeka, Kansas, as a feed miller and marketer. It served for 
many years as a regional grain marketing organization. In 
1962 its name was changed to Farmers Union Cooperative 
Marketing Association. In 1963 they expanded greatly 
through acquisitions, including Dannen; that year they had 
combined assets of $37.7 million and served more than 
100,000 farmers. Since their interest in Dannen was mainly 
in the soybean mill, grain elevator and wharf, they sold the 
other segments, including the grain elevators. Their goal at 
Dannen was to focus on soybean crushing, and then to begin 
integrating vertically. Soybean oil degumming equipment, 
costing about $100,000, was being installed when they 
bought Dannen.
 But as work on the plant and re ﬁ nery progressed, 
the economics and politics of cooperative business was 
changing. In the summer of 1968 four cooperatives merged 
to form Far-Mar-Co, with headquarters in Hutchinson, 
Kansas. The four were: CMA (Kansas City, Missouri); 
the Equity Union Grain Exchange (Lincoln, Nebraska); 
the West Central Co-operative Grain Company (Omaha, 
Nebraska), and Farmers Cooperative Commission Company 
(Hutchinson, Kansas). The new organization became one of 
the largest grain cooperatives in the USA. Shortly thereafter, 
the St. Joseph facility got out of the feed manufacturing 
business.
 In early 1977 the members of Far-Mar-Co voted to 

=== PAGE 247 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   247
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
merge with Farmland Industries; it became a subsidiary of 
Farmland and the plant in St. Joseph also became part of 
Farmland.
 In the mid-1970s Farmland built a successful soy ﬂ our 
mill at the St. Joseph plant. This was followed by a plant to 
make soy protein concentrate, but it was plagued by endless 
problems and shut down after 18 months–at some time 
before 1983.
 Photos show: (1) Aerial view of the St. Joseph plant 
(undated). (2) Company ofﬁ cials at dinner for 25th 
anniversary of Dannen Mills (from the St. Joseph Gazette, 
undated): Includes George O. Lines, Ed Gumbert, Miss 
Edna Dawson, Fred Woelfﬁ ng, Bob Waite, and Dwight L. 
Dannen, president. (3) Aerial view of plant showing how 
Missouri River offers barge transportation. (4) Article titled 
“Nearly 1,000 see ﬁ ne Dannen facilities” (from the St. 
Joseph Gazette, undated). Photos at the open house show 
the ofﬁ ce at 5th and Sylvanie streets, and a huge trading 
board in the grain and jobbing department. About 220 
persons are employed at Dannen Mills Co. Facilities include 
a research farm. “Dannen operates two other feed mills in 
addition to the one here. They are located at Red Oak, Iowa, 
and Milliken, Colorado. Branch ofﬁ ces are maintained at 
Omaha, Kansas City, Hutchinson, and Denver, Colorado. 
Grain storage facilities are maintained in Illinois, Missouri, 
Kansas, and Oklahoma,” and 25 country grain elevators 
are operated in Missouri, Iowa, Kansas, Oklahoma, and 
Colorado. (5) Dwight L. Dannen and his wife being honored 
by Harold Alexander as he steps down from his post as 
manager of the Dannen division of the Farmers Union CMA 
(from the St. Joseph Gazette, undated). (6) A page from The 
Marketer (Far-Mar-Co periodical, undated) describing the 
9th annual meeting at which delegates approved the merger 
with Farmland Industries by 462 to 44. (7) The huge, tall 
deodorizer in the soybean oil reﬁ nery. (8) A water-wash 
centrifuge in the reﬁ nery. (9) The long and towering row of 
grain storage elevators at the St. Joseph plant. (10) Initial 
soybean oil reﬁ nery equipment being installed. (11) A caustic 
dilution tank at the reﬁ nery. (12) Loading a barge at the St. 
Joseph in 1955, (13). Extensive construction to expand the 
St. Joseph reﬁ nery in 1987. (14-15) Two lab employees 
checking quality in a test tube and retort. Address: Author, 
Heritage Publishers, Inc., 2700 Woodlands Village Blvd., 
Suite 300-200, Flagstaff, Arizona 86001.
744. Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. Soybean processing: 
Manning, Iowa. In: Margaret Finnerty. 1992. Soybeans, 
Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, Arizona: 
Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 102-13.
• Summary: This plant was not a cooperative. Thus, it 
was unlike many others in the vicinity. On 23 Aug. 1973 it 
was incorporated as a privately owned company under the 
laws of the State of Iowa. Its name was Continental Soya 
Corporation, generally known as Consoy.
 Raising capital was a big problem. The estimated cost of 
the facility was $4.8 million. On 24 Oct. 1973, a prospectus 
was issued advertising 1 million shares of common stock. 
This resulted in investment of nearly $2 million in private 
funds; “over $800,000 was from Manning residents. Working 
with Iowa Congressmen Charles Grassley and Tom Harkin, 
they reached the Farmers Home Administration,” which 
agreed in 1976 to guarantee a loan of $3.75 million.
 The 43 organizers purchased 172,000 shares at $3.00 
each and elected ofﬁ cers. Ivan L. Opperman, a farmer-
entrepreneur from Manning and the originator of the idea, 
was president. Claus Bunz was vice-resident and secretary-
treasurer. Willis Peck, Leo Rasmussen, and Robert W. 
Fischer (consultant, from Cedar Falls, Iowa) rounded out the 
board.
 Work on the large plant began in Nov. 1976. Initially 
it was designed to handle 500 tons/day of soybeans, with 
expansion plans for processing 1,000 tons/day. The solvent 
extractor cost $902,790, purchased the French Oil Mill 
Machinery Co. of Piqua, Ohio.
 In March 1978 Consoy began receiving soybeans. 
A ceremony on June 7 (Wednesday) marked completion 
of plant construction and the closing of a key loan. Full 
production began the following Monday, June 12; soybean 
oil and meal were now ready for marketing. The formal 
opening ceremony (including an open house), however, took 
place on a Saturday in August, ofﬁ cially named “Agricultural 
Appreciation Day.” “The town of Manning had great hopes 
for the success of the new enterprise. Advertisements in the 
special supplement published by the Manning Monitor on 
17 Aug. 1978 expressed the good wishes of nearly every 
business in the small town, population 1,656.”
 But good wishes were not enough. Consoy had serious 
problems from the beginning. They were undercapitalized, 
so they bought used equipment, which soon began to 
break down. A harsh, early winter forced the plant to close 
down for 2 weeks, just as it was starting to run properly, 
and also brought the railroad to a halt. Income was cut 
off and shipments were missed. Problems with the poor 
communications, uncertainty as to whether or not the 
Milwaukee Road rail line would continue to operate, 
dependence on second-hand market information, high 
interest rates, and millions of dollars tied up in inventories, 
a cost overrun of $1.5 million on the plant’s construction–all 
plagued the relatively isolated company. On Monday, 4 Dec. 
1978, President Ivan Opperman was given a devastating 
ultimatum: come up with $750,000 by Friday or close the 
plant. Even though he managed to establish a new line of 
credit, the plant was forced to closed in March 1979–”with 
much bitterness over the failure.” The loss of 40 jobs in the 
small community of Manning hurt. However in August 1979 
AGRI Industries, a large cooperative based in Des Moines, 
Iowa, bought the plant. To facilitate the sale, the Manning 
City Council approved a $10 million industrial revenue 

=== PAGE 248 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   248
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
bond.”
 On 13 Oct. 1979 the plant in Manning began crushing 
soybeans again. Ken Sullivan was not AGRI’s soybean 
processing manager at both their Manning and Mason 
City plants. AGRI immediately planned $250,000 in 
improvements, including storage for an additional 700,000 
bushels of soybeans, to bring the plant’s total storage 
capacity to over 1 million bushels. In July 1980, in a freak 
accident cased by “bridging” of the meal in the silo, one of 
the 3 original soybean meal silos collapsed, killing the plant 
superintendent, Ken Weets.
 In 1983, when many cooperative soybean processors 
were invited to join the new AGP, AGRI Industries, with its 
two soybean plants at Manly and Iowa City, was involved in 
the studies and considered the matter carefully. However, in 
the end, Jerry O’Dowd, AGRI’s CEO, and his board decided 
not to get involved. Yet only 2 years later, when AGRI 
Industries got into ﬁ nancial problems, AGP did purchase 
the two Iowa plants at Manning and Mason City, on 30 Dec. 
1985.
 Photos show: (1) Aerial view of AGP’s soybean 
processing plant at Manning in 1991. (2) Article (undated) 
from the Manning Monitor titled “Consoy is ‘go.’” (3) 
Ken Weets, who was killed in 1980 when a silo ﬁ lled with 
soybean meal collapsed. (4) Article from the Manning 
Monitor (21 Oct. 1976) titled “$4.8 million soybean plant 
will be erected in Manning.” (5) Massive equipment inside 
the Manning plant dwarfs a worker. (6) Article from Agri 
Industries Graphic (24 Oct. 1979) titled “Bean crush begins 
at Manning–Soybean processing starts October 13...” 
including a photo of a long train parked by the plant. (7) 
Page from a supplement to the Manning Monitor (17 Aug. 
1978) titled “Presenting Continental Soya Corporation–
Consoy.” Includes a photo of Bob Fischer and Ivan 
Opperman examining the ﬁ rst soybeans to arrive at the new 
plant. (8) Another aerial view of AGRI Industries’ soybean 
processing plant at Manning before its acquisition by AGP. 
Address: Author, Heritage Publishers, Inc., 2700 Woodlands 
Village Blvd., Suite 300-200, Flagstaff, Arizona 86001.
745. Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. Soybean processing: 
Mason City, Iowa. In: Margaret Finnerty. 1992. Soybeans, 
Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, Arizona: 
Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 114-23.
• Summary: In 1943 the North Iowa Cooperative Processing 
Association was organized in Manly, Iowa (a railroad center) 
to serve farmers in northern Iowa and southern Minnesota. 
“The “founding fathers” of the project included Earl Dean, 
Al K. Karstens, R.T. Nelson, and Glenn Pogeler. Dean 
became president of the Board of Directors in 1944 and 
Pogeler served as general manager until 1964. The leaders 
got 24 co-ops in the area to work together, with ﬁ nancial help 
from the Omaha Bank for Cooperatives. They raised stock, 
but the soybean was still a relatively new crop and putting it 
all together “was a big struggle.”
 World War II was on and the federal government was 
promoting crops like soybeans that yielded vegetable oil. 
But equipment was hard to get. Bill McArthur, a Mason 
city native who was now with the USDA, helped smooth 
out bureaucratic wrinkles. For its building, the Association 
bought an abandoned rail roundhouse. In 1944 the plant 
opened, with only one Expeller, but it was busy from 
the start. Another Expeller was soon added. During and 
immediately after the war, the business “was very proﬁ table 
because of a government contract which allowed a fairly 
good margin”–as a co-op brochure explained.
 Glenn Pogeler recalled: “They gave us a subsidy and 
we made the fattest per-bushel proﬁ ts at that time. The 
government was controlling it; we bought the [soy] beans 
and had to guarantee that we paid the support price to the 
farmer. Then we sold the beans to the government and 
we bought them back from the government with a margin 
[proﬁ t] and it was all on the basis of the oil content of the 
beans. They had a formula: higher oil content got higher 
prices.”
 Not long after the war, the government controls 
were lifted and the margins shrank. But a relatively new 
technology, solvent extraction, reduced the oil left in the 
meal from over 3% to less than 0.5%. More oil meant 
bigger proﬁ ts. The co-op’s membership voted for 3 big 
changes: Buy a solvent extraction system, expand the plant’s 
processing capacity fourfold, and move it 10 miles south 
to Mason City–a bigger town with better transportation 
connections. The new facility, which cost approximately 
$1.5 million, had a processing capacity of 150 tons/day of 
soybeans and 45 employees, began operating in the fall of 
1953. The most impressive feature of the new operation was 
the cluster of nine concrete storage bins, each 135 feet tall, 
and the adjacent 178-foot head house. [Note: The head house 
contains the elevators that lift the grain from storage or from 
the place the grain is dumped up to the top of the storage 
bins; it can also move grain from one silo to another]. The 
bins had a storage capacity of 350,000 bushels of soybeans. 
Land adjacent to the plant was sold to Felco and they built 
a feed mill. “Felco Soy Bean Oil Meal” was the signature 
product of the new Mason City plant.
 Despite the many safety precautions, plant 
superintendent Harold Tietjens lost his right arm in an 
accident; yet he later returned to his job.
 In 1962 the co-op built two new 500,000 gallons 
soybean oil storage tanks. By 1963 the plant’s processing 
capacity had tripled to 450 tons/day. Then came 1964, an 
especially bad year ﬁ nancially. After 21 years as manager, 
Glenn Pogeler wrote his farewell message in the annual 
report: “I have the disagreeable task of bringing you a 
ﬁ nancial report... showing a loss of $281,107. The auditors 
advised me that we will have a substantial income tax refund 
coming that will reduce this loss.” Pogeler concluded that the 

=== PAGE 249 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   249
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
future looked bright for the plant and its members.
 Several cooperatives were interested in purchasing and 
taking over the plant. In 1965 the Mason City cooperative 
merged into the Farmers Grain Dealers Association, which 
became AGRI Industries in 1979. Then in 1985, when AGRI 
Industries got into ﬁ nancial problems, Ag Processing (AGP) 
purchased the two plants at Mason City and Manning, Iowa, 
from them [on 30 Dec. 1985].
 Photos show: (1) Aerial view of the Mason City soybean 
processing plant, including front ofﬁ ce and six tall concrete 
grain elevators, in 1953. (2) A diagram of the Mason City 
plant in 1953, showing each piece of equipment inside 
the plant (labeled) and product ﬂ ow lines. The two main 
rooms are the preparation dept. and the extraction dept. 
(3) In 1963 Glenn Pogeler, general manager of the North 
Iowa Cooperative Processing Association, chats with visitor 
Themos Soteriadis of Athens, Greece. In the background 
are 3 railroad cars, the processing plant, and at least 9 tall 
concrete grain elevators. (4) Ground-level of the Mason City 
plant (probably in about 1963), with the ofﬁ ce in the left 
foreground and a small bridge in the immediate foreground. 
(5) Glenn Pogeler inspects a display of soy products on a 
table. The SCA (Soybean Council of America) signs behind 
them read: “The world is your market: Soya. Over 40% of 
today’s soybean crop is exported.” “Soybeans feed today’s 
hungry world while supplying ideas and products for the 
future.” (6) The front of a bag of Felco soy bean oil meal. (7) 
AGP Mason City in 1991. (8) Entering the plant in 1953. (9) 
Aerial view of the plant in 1964. Address: Author, Heritage 
Publishers, Inc., 2700 Woodlands Village Blvd., Suite 300-
200, Flagstaff, Arizona 86001.
746. Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. Soybean processing: Eagle 
Grove, Iowa. In: Margaret Finnerty. 1992. Soybeans, 
Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc. Flagstaff, Arizona: 
Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See p. 134-51.
• Summary: In 1942 the farmers of Eagle Grove, Iowa (20 
miles northeast of Fort Dodge) were in trouble. That year, 
farmers in surrounding Wright County had planted 40,000 
acres of soybeans; they expected the price to rise to $1.80/
bushel from $1.60. World War II was underway and they 
were raising soybeans that the U.S. government wanted. 
Their cooperative elevators could store their soybeans, but 
it was almost impossible to ﬁ nd a place to process their 
beans into soybean oil and meal. In December 1942, after 
trying to deal with the frustrations of wartime transportation 
and government regulations, the Farmers Grain Dealers 
Association called a meeting in Fort Dodge, Iowa, to 
“discuss a brilliant concept, at once simple and complex: 
let’s do it ourselves! The idea was enthusiastically backed, if 
not inspired, by the Omaha Bank for Cooperatives,” which 
said that if those who wanted a plant would raise the money 
for the building, the bank would provide a loan for the 
operating capital.
 At about the same time, seven other groups in Iowa were 
forming soybean processing cooperatives. Their plants would 
soon be located in Sheldon, West Bend, Talston, Manly, 
Hubbard, Martelle, Dike, and (of course) Eagle Grove, Iowa.
 On 12 April 1943 the ﬁ  rst ofﬁ cial meeting of the new 
co-op was held at City Hall in Eagle Grove. “Thirteen 
cooperatives agreed to pledge $1,000 for membership in the 
regional cooperative, created for the purpose of processing 
soybeans for their members. The name they adopted was 
Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association.” Eagle 
Grove had several advantages over other locations. The 
power rates and railroad facilities were both favorable, the 
business community and the entire town were anxious to 
cooperate in the new venture, and a large, well-maintained 
building was available–a key factor during the war when 
construction materials were very hard to obtain. Some 25 
years earlier the Chicago and Great Northwest Railroad had 
constructed a warehouse at Eagle Grove; it had cost nearly 
$34,000. Now they offered the empty building to the new co-
op to serve as a processing plant for only $1,500. A 99-year 
lease on the land was thrown in, and the deal was completed 
on 17 June 1943.
 The next day Ed Olsen, formerly the co-op’s president, 
accepted the job of general manager. Albert Koolhoff 
became the new president, M.K. Frey (who ﬁ rst chaired the 
exploratory committee), served as vice-president, and Glenn 
Pogeler (manager of the Farmers Elevator Co. in Badger, 
Iowa), became the secretary-treasurer.
 The number of cooperatives soon grew to 25 and they 
were asked one more to subscribe for more stock. The 
original goal of $50,000 soon passed $100,000. The key 
driving force was still the farmers, who were desperate 
for protein from their soybeans to feed their cattle. Given 
the hurry-up and wait nature of most wartime projects, 
this one got off to a good start and there were high hopes 
that the plant would be in operation by the fall of 1943. 
Unfortunately it didn’t actually open until March 1944.
 The one Expeller was designed to process 40 tons/day of 
soybeans. The following Monday, at a meeting of the Eagle 
Grove Chamber of Commerce, manager Ed Olsen explained 
that the plant was ofﬁ cially open and that it would buy 9% of 
the farmers’ beans and provide 70% of their meal.
 In 1945, as the war was coming to an end, Boone 
Valley expanded by adding a second ﬂ oor to the plant to 
store ingredients for feed. As a service to members, they 
began to mix and sell bagged feeds. The worked to keep the 
trucks loaded, with soybeans as they went from the local 
member elevators to the processing plant, and with feed as 
they returned to the elevator. Then Ed Olsen arranged with 
Farmland Industries of Kansas City, Missouri, to produce 
formula feeds for them under their well-know Coop Feeds 
brand. Boone Valley, of course, used soybean meal from 
their processing plant as the main ingredient; the venture was 
very successful, but the mixing was very labor intensive, 

=== PAGE 250 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   250
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
being done entirely by hand using ingredients in bags. The 
ﬁ nancing came from a combination of stock purchase by 
member cooperatives, sale of preferred stock, and a loan 
from the Omaha Bank for Cooperatives.
 By the end of ﬁ scal year 1945 Boone Valley could report 
$65,336.27 in savings to their 36 member co-ops. “A year 
later there was enough surplus that preferred stock was paid 
back to the members, with 4% interest.
 Then in late August 1947 a ﬁ re burned the plant to the 
ground. On Aug. 29 the full board met to discuss emergency 
arrangements. They voted unanimously to rebuild the 
plant immediately–making it as ﬁ re-resistant as possible. A 
committee was appointed to investigate ways of continue 
processing while the plant was under construction. In 
December it was learned that a co-op soybean plant was for 
sale in neighboring Hardin County. In Jan. 1948 the plant, 
located in Hubbard, was purchased for $67,500, plus the 
beans it had in control. Unfortunately, the project showed 
a net loss after 8 months. Rebuilding the original plant 
cost more than the insurance covered. Increased outlay 
for labor and materials meant another $175,000 charged 
to the members. Fortunately, the Farmers Elevator Mutual 
Insurance Co. settled promptly.
 On 8 Oct. 1948 the plant at Eagle Grove reopened. 
“Despite the fact that the losses were ﬁ nally ﬁ gured at over 
$425,000 to members, additional co-ops continued to join,” 
bringing the total to 47.
 By 1951 the Association began to prosper again. The 
plant at Hubbard was closed and its two Expellers moved 
to Eagle Grove. After the building and other equipment was 
sold, the Hubbard operation had been proﬁ table.
 In 1952 ground was broken at Eagle Grove for a new 
and expanded solvent extraction plant–which opened on 10 
Nov. 1953. Less than 6 months later, additional equipment 
was added to double the capacity of the feed department.
 In the late 1950s Boone Valley expanded again by 
opening an egg division. In May 1959 Ed Olsen died; Boone 
Valley lost it earliest backer and strongest proponent. In June 
1959 Keith M. V oigt became the new manager; he led the 
company through almost 23 years of prosperity.
 In 1973 the bean dryer was destroyed by ﬁ re, but 1974 
saw record sales that ﬁ rst topped $1 million. By the mid-
1970s Boone Valley was considered one of the world’s 
premier soybean processing plants. Visitors who came from 
overseas “were dazzled by the size and complexity of the 
operation.”
 In the fall of 1976 ground was broken for a new $4.5 
million feed mill, which opened in June 1977. In 1979 
expanded soybean storage, a 2nd bean dump, a remodeled 
dryer system, and a standby fuel system were added.
 In the early 1980s, after years of prosperity, Boone 
Valley ran into ﬁ nancial troubles as they began an aggressive 
building program. They bought a large plant to generate 
steam power, then began to build a new soybean plant. By 
1982 their were huge cost overruns, with actual costs nearing 
$54 million. Keith V oigt, who had previously done such a 
good job, resigned. Chairman Ralph Olsen died in 1982. 
Appointing an interim manager to replace V oigt was an 
immediate necessity. On 17 Jan. 1982, Bill Lester, manager 
at Farmland Industries’ plant at Sergeant Bluff (near Sioux 
City), was asked to ﬁ ll the post. He turned the company 
around, and on 1 May 1982, with Farmland’s blessing, went 
to work for Boone Valley.
 Photos show: (1) Aerial view in 1991 of Eagle Grove 
soybean processing plant, surrounded by rich Iowa farmland. 
(2) Ground level view of Boone Valley plant in 1953. (3) 
Boone Valley’s Egg Division truck in the late 1950s. (4-5) 
Modern equipment inside the Eagle Grove plant. (6) Aerial 
view of the plant showing extensive railroad connections. 
(7) Boone Valley’s management team under Keith V oigt, 
with Don Laurent, Morrie Sturtz, and Chuck Bartley. (8) The 
Boone Valley feed mill in 1966. (9) An employee loading 
bagged feed onto a truck at the service center. (10) Aerial 
view of the Eagle Grove complex from another direction. 
(11) The Boone Valley logo and the CoOp double circle logo, 
displayed together to show the close working relationship 
between the two co-ops. Address: Author, Heritage 
Publishers, Inc., 2700 Woodlands Village Blvd., Suite 300-
200, Flagstaff, Arizona 86001.
747. Finnerty, Margaret. 1992. Ag Processing Inc: AGP–
Continuing to service; adapting to change. In: Margaret 
Finnerty. 1992. Soybeans, Cooperatives and Ag Processing 
Inc. Flagstaff, Arizona: Heritage Publishers, Inc. 178 p. See 
p. 152-72.
• Summary: The story of the origin (in 1982-83) and 
development of AGP. Photos show: (1) The terminal 
elevator at Lincoln, Nebraska. (2) The board of directors 
of AGP–Kenneth Nielsen, Urban Knobbe, Ralph Hofstad, 
Eldon Peterson, James Bauler, Robert Merkle, Larry Wright, 
and James Higgs. (3) Terry Branstad (Governor of Iowa) 
talks with Jim Lindsay (CEO of AGP). (4) Secretary of 
Agriculture Clayton Yeuter greets CEO Jim Lindsay. (5) 
An AGP hopper rail car used for soybean meal, soybeans, 
and soybean hulls. (6) One of the diesel engines used to 
move railcars. (7) AGP’s new corporate headquarters on 
Burt Street, Omaha, Nebraska; they moved here in July 
1987. (8) AGP’s corporate logo, adopted in 1984. (9) A 
1990 display of soy products made by AGP. (10) Traders 
talking on phones in the grain merchandising department. 
(11) AGP’s corporate ofﬁ ce at 11235 Davenport St., Omaha, 
Nebraska (from 1984 to 1987). (12) CEO Jim Lindsay 
and Senator Edward Zorinsky in 1986 in Washington, DC. 
(13) The First National Bank Building, Omaha, Nebraska. 
AGP’s ﬁ rst corporate ofﬁ ce consisted of a few rooms rented 
near the top of this building. (14) Front of the Omaha Bank 
for Cooperatives. As part of the Farm Credit Banks, it 
proved invaluable in providing capital for AGP. (15) AGP’s 

=== PAGE 251 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   251
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
management staff in 1991. Patrick A. Reisner, Anthony L. 
Porter, William C. Lester, Daryl D. Dahl, Gordon V . Dorff, 
James B. Yeates, Tim E. Witty, Joseph L. Meyer, Kenneth S. 
Grubbe, James W. Lindsay, and Kenneth J. McQueen. (16) 
AGP’s 191 board of directors: Eldon Peterson, manager; 
Lowell Wilson, farmer. Urban Knobbe, manager. Denis 
Leiting, manager. Tom Collins, manager. Robert Lathrop, 
manager. William Ahrenholtz, farmer. James Bauler, farmer. 
Ron Ross, farmer.
 An illustration (architect’s drawing) shows the new 
AGP ofﬁ ce building currently under construction at 12700 
West Dodge Road, Omaha, Nebraska; it is scheduled 
for completion in early 1993. Address: Author, Heritage 
Publishers, Inc., 2700 Woodlands Village Blvd., Suite 300-
200, Flagstaff, Arizona 86001.
748. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1993. 
Presentation to [Alternative] Agricultural Research & 
Commercialization Center, for biodiesel commercialization. 
Omaha, Nebraska: AGP. 8 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Contents: Introduction: Biodiesel 
overview, economic viability, engine manufacturers, 
supply. Technology: Chemistry and engineering, the 
commercialization program. Capabilities and qualiﬁ cations: 
Ag Processing Inc. Conclusions. Appendices: National Soy 
Fuels Advisory Committee data. Comprehensive National 
Energy Policy Act, summary of ﬁ nal motor vehicle ﬂ eet 
and fuel provisions of H.R. 776, Title III: Alternative Fuels, 
Federal Programs. Soy diesel as a replacement for diesel 
fuel, project update, Dep. of Agricultural Engineering, 
Univ. of Missouri-Columbia. Biodiesel Alert, V ol. 1, No. 
1, Dec. 1992. Bio-diesel, an alternative fuel for short-
term introduction report, Connecticut Transit. Diester, the 
European biofuel for Engines, F. Staat. Catalytic conversion 
of vegetable oils to diesel additives, Saskatchewan Research 
Council Report [Canada]. Biodiesel–A challenge for the 
‘90s: From agriculture to environmental protection, C. 
Rocchietta.
 New technology: “Today, research and development 
is focused primarily on fuels derived through the 
transesteriﬁ cation of vegetable oils and tallows. 
Transesteriﬁ cation is a process whereby the heavy glycerin 
portion of the oil is separated out.” Address: 12700 West 
Dodge Road, P.O. Box 2047, Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047.
749. Green, Cindy. 1993. Preference, a soy-based herbicide 
carrier. Ag Innovation News (AURI–Agricultural Utilization 
Research Inst., Crookston, Minnesota) 2(1):8. Jan.
• Summary: Cenex/Land O’Lakes Agronomy in Winona, 
Minnesota, sold over 100,000 gallons of Preference this 
season. Sales quadrupled over original projections, and are 
projected at 250,000 gallons next season.
750. Burton, Thomas M. 1993. Farmland Industries hopes 
to become household name: Huge cooperative makes a push 
into the consumer food business. Wall Street Journal. Feb. 
16. p. B4.
• Summary: Located in Kansas City, Missouri, Farmland 
is the nation’s largest farm cooperative, with about 8,000 
employees and 1992 sales of $4.5 billion–yet it remains 
virtually unknown to most Americans. But that may soon 
cease to be, for Farmland is now making a bold–and risky–
move to become a household name in the food business. It 
sells mostly meat and grain products.
751. Biodiesel Alert (Arlington, Virginia). 1993. Congress 
soybean caucus learns about biodiesel. 1(5):3-4. April.
• Summary: “Biodiesel was the subject of the Congressional 
Soybean Caucus meeting on April 26. 1993 in Washington, 
D.C. In attendance were Senators Tom Daschle (D-SD) and 
Charles Grassley (R-IA) as well as House and Senate staff 
aides, ofﬁ cials from federal agencies, and representatives 
from environmental and farm groups. Sen. Daschle restated 
his commitment to Biodiesel and commented on its impact 
as an economic, agricultural, environmental, and energy 
issue.
 “A panel of experts on Biodiesel made presentations. 
Larry Diedrich, farmer and President-Elect of the American 
Soybean Association (ASA) chaired the panel and made 
introductory remarks.”
 “Kenlon Johannes, Executive Director of the NSDB 
[National SoyDiesel Development Board], provided a 
broad overview of the history of technical, research, and 
educational issues for SoyDiesel.
 “John Campbell from AgP, Inc. [AGP] covered the 
technical issues, focusing on how “policy, product, process, 
and promotion were the keys to developing the Biodiesel 
Industry. Dr. Davis Clements, Director of Agricultural 
Materials, USDA-CSRS covered possible markets for 
Biodiesel, the economics of feedstock production,... James 
Peeples of Information Resources, Inc. (IRI) discussed 
regulatory issues for Biodiesel, including the effect of 
the Clear Air Act, Energy Policy Act, and various federal 
regulations.
752. Campbell, John. 1993. Re: Tax law and its implications 
for biodiesel. Letter to Bill Holmberg (ABA) and John 
Gordley (ASA), May 3. 5 p. Typed.
• Summary: A concise discussion of six issues. For each 
Campbell gives the background, pros, cons, and his 
recommendation. They are: (1) Inclusion of excise tax 
exemptions in the legislative package (Tax credits vs. excise 
tax exemption vs. BTU tax exemption). (2) Construction of a 
new, free standing biodiesel section in the tax code (Senator 
Tom Daschle, D-ND). (3) Should producers or blenders 
receive tax credits? (4) Small producer credit (for biodiesel). 
(5) Subsidies for non fuel use (of biodiesel, such as asphalt 
release agents, hydraulic ﬂ uid, lubricants, etc.). (6) Lowering 

=== PAGE 252 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   252
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
the blend threshold from 85% to 30% for purpose of 
favorable depreciation treatment of alternative fuel property 
(for fuels from biomass other than alcohol).
 Copies of this letter were also sent to Jim Peoples (IRI) 
and Alvin Geske. Address: [AGP, Omaha, Nebraska].
753. Meyer, Edwin W. 1993. Historical notes on textured soy 
ﬂ our (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. May 10. Conducted by 
William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: The Glidden Co. sold a textured soybean meal 
mainly to John Morrell & Co. for use in pet (especially dog) 
foods–but also to some other dog food companies. Morrell 
was a big meat processing ﬁ rm with headquarters in Chicago 
and a big plant in Ottumwa, Iowa. At that time all dog food 
was canned (no dry or semi-moist) and this textured soy ﬂ our 
kept a certain amount of its integrity during retorting–so the 
dog-food people liked it.
 The solvent defatted soybean meal was run through an 
expeller (also called a screw press) to give it texture, then the 
resulting cake was broken up into bits or grits. No die was 
used. Glidden’s early texturizing process, dating from the 
late 1930s, was covered by a 1939 patent issued to Arthur 
Levinson and James Dickinson. These two inventors never 
got much credit for their invention (in part because they 
unfortunately did not use the term “texturize”) and it played 
no role in the subsequent technology based on extrusion. If 
Levinson and Dickinson had used the key term “texturize,” 
their patent would have been “prior art” making it more 
difﬁ cult for people to subsequently be issued patents on 
extruded materials or texturizing. An expeller, which was 
designed to press the oil from oilseeds, is less well suited 
to texturization than an extruder–which has no openings 
along the barrel and which gives more sheer working and 
alignment of the protein to create that meatlike texture.
 Many people think (incorrectly) that William Atkinson 
was the original inventor of textured soy ﬂ our, but the 
Atkinson patent (issued Jan. 1970; No. 3,488,770) does not 
dominate the industry–even though Atkinson’s patent was a 
very early, creative, and important one, and ADM did a very 
good job getting TVP on the market early. Ed is quite sure 
that Atkinson developed his patent independently and with 
no knowledge of Flier’s work. However the dominant U.S. 
patent now is the one issued to Flier (pronounced FLEER) of 
Ralston Purina Co. on 24 Feb. 1976 (No. 3,940,495). There 
was a long time between application date and issuance date 
for the Flier patent. The Flier patent expires in 1993.
 Part of the following is based on Ed’s ﬁ rst-hand 
knowledge and part on second-hand knowledge (hearsay). 
After the Flier patent was issued, Ralston Purina ﬁ led a 
lawsuit against ADM in a federal court in southern Illinois. 
Swift (who was also extruding soy ﬂ our) may have been 
included in the suit. Sometime after the ﬁ ling of the suit, 
Ralston Purina and ADM settled out of court. Ed thinks 
that as part of the settlement, they cross-licensed each other 
(so that each could use the best parts of the other’s patent). 
After the ADM settlement, Ralston Purina went after all 
others in the industry who were extruding to take licenses. 
If they didn’t take a license, Ralston could charge them with 
infringement, and the cost of the infringement can be very 
high. So Cargill and A.E. Staley each took a license. Then 
Ralston Purina sued Far-Mar-Co. Wenger supported Far-
Mar-Co because Wenger felt that patent would curtail the 
sale of their machinery. Ed was subpoenaed by Far-Mar-Co 
to give testimony under oath. Far-Mar-Co people learned, 
via Wenger, that there was a man in Decatur, Indiana, who 
was using a Sprout-Waldron extruder in the early 1960s to 
produce mixed, extruded feeds. Ed and his coworkers (Steve 
Frank and Bud Campbell) examined that extruded material 
in their lab at Central Soya. After some time that case was 
decided in court and Far-Mar-Co lost it [in mid-1984].
 Then Ralston Purina went after Central Soya–which 
had its own patent issued to Gabor Pusski in 1976. Ed 
Armstrong, an internal attorney, suggested that Ed Meyer 
and Art Konwinski (Central Soya’s extrusion man), take a 
very close look at the process by gathering detailed data. 
Based on that the attorneys concluded that Central Soya 
was infringing on Ralston Purina’s patent. So Joe Gillespe, 
a vice president at Central Soya, made a deal with Ralston, 
that Central would sell Ralston several feed operations they 
had in Brazil at a very attractive price, plus several patents 
on industrial proteins. In exchange, Central Soya got a non-
exclusive royalty-free license in perpetuity.
 Ed has long wondered why the patent examiner didn’t 
cite an “interference,” which applies when two inventors 
make claims that overlap or are on the same subject. Then 
the patent ofﬁ ce must conduct an investigation to see who 
has priority. This story does not appear in the history books 
and Ed is not sure that it should be.
 “Over the years I have learned to be very skeptical of 
what I read because so much is said in an advertising mode 
rather than in a deﬁ nitive or factual mode.” People say that 
their products are used in various applications when they 
are not–which is wishful thinking in the hope that new 
customers will try the product. Address: 1701 N. Sayre Ave., 
Chicago, Illinois 60635. Phone: 312-637-0936.
754. Leiss, Richard S. 1993. History of the use of spun soy 
protein ﬁ bers at Worthington Foods (Interview). SoyaScan 
Notes. June 30. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: Richard (whose last name is pronounced like 
“lease,” as in “to lease a house”) has worked for Worthington 
Foods in R&D for 28 years, from Aug. 1962 to 1968, then 
from 1971 to the present. He thinks that small amounts of 
the ﬁ rst commercial Worthington product to contain spun 
soy protein ﬁ bers were probably sold by late 1962 and 
deﬁ nitely by 1963. These meatlike products were probably 
frozen at ﬁ rst, and then canned later. The ﬁ rst such product 

=== PAGE 253 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   253
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
may have been the Minute Entree Fried Chicken Style in 
frozen form. Fri-Chik, which was canned and widely sold 
to Seventh-day Adventist food outlets, came a little later. 
The next 3 products that contained spun ﬁ bers (White-Chik, 
Beef Like, and Prosage) were all frozen and were introduced 
at about the same time (by Oct. 1963), but many Adventist 
food outlets did not have a frozen food case in those days so 
Worthington had to supply them with one. Following these, 
some additional products were made under the Worthington 
label, including Smoked Beef Style, Wham.
 “When I ﬁ rst came to Worthington in 1962 there was 
a small R&D lab attached to the main food processing 
building; we didn’t have a research facility like we have now. 
I recall that a new R&D building was completed in October 
1964. Prior to Oct. 1964, I recall seeing a Fried Chicken 
Style product, containing spun ﬁ bers, being canned. After 
Oct. 1964 time, we began to spin our own soy protein for the 
ﬁ rst time using a pilot plant line in this building. Full-scale 
spinning of Worthington’s Fibrotein soy ﬁ bers probably 
began in about 1965. Prior to that time my recollection is 
that Worthington purchased most of its spun protein from 
Ralston Purina Co.; it was manufactured in their Louisville 
[Kentucky] plant. But Worthington also purchased some 
spun soy ﬁ ber from General Mills; it was made at their 
James Ford Bell Research Center and was very experimental. 
I don’t recall the name of that product.
 “In the early 1960s, about 95% of Worthington’s 
sales were through either the church or through stores in 
communities where there were heavy concentrations of 
Adventists. So it really wasn’t a very big thing. One very big 
thing for the company was the ﬁ rst IFT meeting it attended 
in Kansas City [Missouri] in about 1963 or 1964. It was the 
ﬁ rst time that Worthington had demonstrated products at a 
national convention, and there was a lot of interest in these 
products.
 In 1974 the ﬁ  rst 3 Morningstar Farms products were 
introduced: Breakfast Patties, Breakfast Links, and Breakfast 
Slices. He is quite sure that initially they all contained spun 
soy protein ﬁ bers. However several years after they were 
launched, the decision was made to remove the spun soy 
ﬁ bers for two main reasons: (1) Making the ﬁ bers was an 
expensive, high-tech process which added too much to the 
price of each product; (2) Worthington was concerned that 
if, as anticipated, the Morningstar Farms line became very 
popular in mainstream national markets, their one spinning 
line would not be able to produce enough ﬁ bers to meet 
the demand. The “wet spun ﬁ ber” was replaced by textured 
soy concentrates and vital wheat gluten to give similar 
textures. In 1979 four more Morningstar Farms products 
were launched: Grillers (meatless burgers), Breakfast Strips 
(meatless bacon), Luncheon Slices (a new version of the 
1974 Breakfast Slices), and Leanies (meatless hot dogs). 
None of these 4 products contained spun soy protein ﬁ bers. 
Thus, for most of their commercial lives, the Morningstar 
Farms products have not contained spun soy protein ﬁ bers.
 Worthington has always had only one line for spinning 
soy protein ﬁ bers–located at their plant in Worthington, 
Ohio. This line was set it so that a second spinning table 
could be added to increase its capacity, but that has never 
been done. Even during the years when the company 
had a second plant at Schaumburg, Illinois (after Miles 
Laboratories took over Worthington in 1970), that plant 
never had its own spinning line.
 At one point Worthington sold its Fibrotein spun soy 
protein ﬁ ber to an Adventist company outside the USA. 
Worthington never sold it to Loma Linda Foods. Initially 
Loma Linda may have purchased it from Ralston Purina or 
General Mills; then they got their own spinning line later, in 
the 1970s; they bought the equipment from Dawson Mills.
 Concerning the total amount of spun soy protein ﬁ ber 
used in Worthington food products, it increased rapidly from 
1965 to about 1975, then it fell somewhat after the ﬁ rst three 
Morningstar Farms products were reformulated in the mid-
1970s–but it did not fall dramatically because the 3 products 
were still at the introductory stage. After the amount then 
stabilized, and remained fairly constant until recent years 
when the demand for vegetarian products has increased, and 
with it production of spun soy protein ﬁ bers. Today, about 
15-20% of Worthington’s meat alternatives contain spun soy 
protein ﬁ bers.
 In Richard’s opinion, the legacy that Henry Ford and his 
researchers left in terms of food uses of soybeans is mainly 
in the areas of soy protein isolates (especially functional 
isolates; the work done by Frank Calvert and Bob Boyer at 
Ralston Purina) and textured soy ﬂ our (the work done by 
William Atkinson at ADM). While spinning was certainly the 
most novel of the technologies, spun soy protein ﬁ bers are 
not nearly as important commercially as food-grade isolates 
and textured soy ﬂ our.
 Richard remembers fondly the pioneering days when 
Bob Boyer had a lab next to his ofﬁ ce at Worthington Foods. 
Boyer told Richard many anecdotes about the times he 
worked for Henry Ford and Richard wrote them down in his 
journal. “Bob Boyer was truly a gentleman. I really enjoyed 
him a lot.”
 Richard does not recall any commercial product 
containing spun soy protein ﬁ bers that Ralston Purina 
launched during that time. They sold all their spun ﬁ bers as 
such to Worthington Foods.
 “I’m kind of the keeper of the archives and unfortunately 
a lot of material has gotten out because during the years that 
Worthington was owned by Miles Laboratories past history 
was not considered to be very important.” Perhaps a record 
might have appeared in the Chopletter (an internal newsletter 
published by Worthington Foods). Address: Director, R&D, 
Worthington Foods, 900 Proprietors Rd., Worthington, Ohio 
43085-3194. Phone: 614-885-9511.

=== PAGE 254 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   254
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
755. O’Connell, Paul F. 1993. Re: Cooperative agreement on 
“Biodiesel Best Available Technology Search.” Letter to Mr. 
William Lester, Ag Processing, Inc., 11717 Burt St., Omaha, 
Nebraska 68154-1581, July 1. 1 + [5] + 15 p. Typed, with 
signature on letterhead.
• Summary: This agreement has been awarded to AGP for 
the amount of $36,000. “This document is as negotiated 
between you and Joe Roetheli” of the AARC Center. 
Address: Director, Alternative Agricultural Research and 
Commercialization (AARC) Center, 14th & Independence 
Ave., SW, 2nd Floor Mezzanine, Cotton Annex Bldg., 
Washington, DC 20250-0400. Phone: 202-401-4860.
756. McDermott, Ron. 1993. History of the use of spun soy 
protein ﬁ bers by Loma Linda Foods (Interview). SoyaScan 
Notes. July 6. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: Note: In about 1968 Loma Linda Foods started 
making meatlike products containing spun soy protein ﬁ bers. 
The ﬁ rst products were canned meatless slices (chicken-like, 
beef-like, turkey-like, or luncheon-like slices).
 Ron started to work for Loma Linda Foods in 1973 as 
Director of Quality Assurance at the company’s plant in 
Mt. Vernon, Ohio. In 1975 he left Mt. Vernon and went to 
Loma Linda’s plant at Riverside, California. He thinks that 
Loma Linda got its ﬁ rst spun soy protein ﬁ bers from General 
Mills. Robert Boyer had licensed General Mills the rights 
to spin soy protein ﬁ bers, and they used these primarily to 
make their original line of Bontrae Products. At one point 
after 1973 Ron thinks that Loma Linda was purchasing spun 
ﬁ bers from three sources: Ralston Purina, General Mills, and 
Miles Laboratories–but the bulk of it came from General 
Mills. In about 1975-77 General Mills shut down their soy 
ﬁ ber spinning line and sold it to Dawson Mills. During this 
transition period, Loma Linda purchased a large inventory 
of frozen, neutralized (neutral pH) ﬁ ber from General Mills. 
The spun soy ﬁ ber sold by Miles Laboratories (Worthington) 
was called “acid tow”; it was refrigerated rather than frozen 
and the acidic pH prevented spoilage. Loma Linda would 
then adjust the pH to neutral shortly before use.
 In early 1984 (according to documents Ron has in 
front of him), Loma Linda Foods bought a soy protein 
ﬁ ber spinning line from Dawson Mills. In mid-1984 the 
equipment was transferred to Loma Linda. Loma Linda 
probably started spinning their own ﬁ bers in California in 
late 1984 or early 1985. Loma Linda continued to spin their 
own ﬁ bers until the company was sold to Worthington Foods 
in Jan. 1990. Worthington still owns that line of spinning 
equipment, which is now dismantled and unused in storage. 
It could be re-activated if Worthington had a place to put it 
and a need to make more spun soy protein ﬁ bers.
 Note: A brief chronology of spinning by General Mills, 
Dawson Mills, and Ralston Purina Co. 1959–General Mills 
starts research on textured soy proteins. 1962 Oct.–Ralston 
Purina Co. begins to make Textured Edi-Pro, a spun soy 
protein ﬁ ber, at its plant in Louisville, Kentucky. 1963 
Nov.–The ﬁ rst of many patents for spinning soy protein are 
issued to General Mills. 1965 Dec.–General Mills introduces 
the Bontrae line of spun soy protein ﬁ ber products, starting 
with Bac-O*s (bacon-like bits). 1967–Ralston Purina stops 
spinning soy protein. 1969 June–General Mills breaks 
ground for major ﬁ ber spinning plant at Cedar Rapids, 
Iowa; It begins operation by late 1970. 1975–General 
Mills stops spinning, and sells its spinning technology and 
equipment to Dawson Mills. 1976–Central Soya now owns 
the Bontrae trademark, formerly owned by General Mills. 
1979–Dawson Food Ingredients, a subsidiary of Dawson 
Mills, starts spinning soy protein ﬁ bers; Anaprime is on the 
market by March 1980. Address: Vice President Research 
& Technology, Worthington Foods, 900 Proprietors Rd., 
Worthington, Ohio 43085-3194. Phone: 614-885-9511.
757. Lindsay, James W. 1993. Re: John Campbell to replace 
Bill Lester as principal investigator. Letter to Dr. Joseph C. 
Roetheli, Director, Alternative Agricultural Research and 
Commercialization (AARC) Center, 14th & Independence 
Ave., SW, Cotton Annex–2nd Floor Mezzanine, Washington, 
DC 20250-0400, July 13. 1 p. Typed, with signature on 
letterhead.
• Summary: “I am writing to inform you of our need to 
change the ‘principal investigator’ of our biodiesel project 
due to the recent retirement of Mr. William Lester.
 “With your concurrence, I would like to appoint Mr. 
John Campbell, Assistant Vice President for Corporate 
Relations, as the principal investigator to replace Mr. Lester. 
Sincerely,” Address: General Manager and Chief Executive 
Ofﬁ cer, AGP Ag Processing Inc a cooperative, P.O. Box 
2047, Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. Phone: 402-496-7809.
758. Brown, Linda D. 1993. Re: Thanks for your call 
regarding the 20-year anniversary book. Letter to Mr. Glenn 
Pogeler, 12611 Bendito Drive, San Diego, California 92128, 
Oct. 30. 1 p. Typed, with signature on letterhead.
• Summary: “We have enclosed the four books you 
requested. If possible, could you jot down any information 
on the Badger Co-op, or jot down some memories of your 
years there? And, who is the gentleman pictured on the cover 
with you? We thought we might do an article for our monthly 
newsletter. If you have a current picture of you..., please 
enclose that too.”
 Note: Attached to this letter are 3 pages of handwritten 
notes by Glenn Pogeler. He was with USDA from 1970 to 
1977 and a broker from 1977 to 1984. On April 19 he talked 
to Danney Janssen at New Co-op, Fort Dodge. “Told him I 
would see him Tuesday, May 31... to visit” by airplane. $31 
each way. There follow two pages of handwritten notes about 
his years in Badger, Iowa. Graduated “from Manson High 
School in 1932–the bottom of the Depression. I was 17 at 

=== PAGE 255 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   255
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
the time. I thought I would like to be a mechanical engineer 
but no money was available and no loan programs were 
available.
 “On July 25th 1932 I went to work as a 2nd man in 
the Farmers Elevator at Richards, Iowa, Chas. Weidemann 
[Charlie Weideman] took over as the new manager. He was 
78 at the time and feared that the hardware and implement 
business in which his son and son-in-law were partners 
might go broke. He had about 18 years experience in running 
grain elevators. He said he would furnish the brains and I 
would furnish a strong back. All of this for $10.00 a month 
and room and board. (No extras. Hours 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. No 
overtime and at harvest [work] until 8 or 9 p.m.). I was also 
elected to eat the dust. We used a Fairbanks Morse Type N 
gasoline engine (match starter) to lift the grain to the bins. I 
pledged to myself I would eat the dust and dirt for 10 years 
and then I would be the manager in the ofﬁ ce or else I would 
be out of the grain handling business. We had $127.00 in the 
bank plus $4,000 debt on the property when we took over. 
Mr. Weidemann stayed on as manager until 1935 when he 
resigned. He told the Board of Directors to hire me. He said 
I knew as much as he did about the grain business. I was 
the youngest grain elevator manager in the U.S. at that time 
(1940). Handling margins 1 cent per bushel. Competition.” 
Address: Senior Accounting Clerk, NEW Cooperative Inc., 
2626 1at Ave. South, P.O. Bix 818, Ft. Dodge, Iowa 50501. 
Phone: 515-955-2040.
759. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1993. Annual 
report: Partners in food production. 12700 West Dodge Road, 
P.O. Box 2047, Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. 20 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 1993 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$1,218.614 million, up 8.2% from $1,126.667 million in 
1992. Earnings before income taxes: $44.659 million, up 
3.3% from the $43.236 million in 1992. Contains a 10-year 
summary of consolidated operating and ﬁ nancial statistics.
 On the inside front cover is a historical summary of the 
most important events each ﬁ scal year from 1983 to 1993. 
In 1993 Omaha corporate headquarters staff moved into 
their new building at 12700 West Dodge Road in Omaha; it 
has 85,000 square feet and is located on more than 14 acres 
in Omaha. A color photo shows the building. Another color 
photo shows a truck tanker with the Soyasign and “Soyoil: 
America’s #1 vegetable oil” on the side and back.
 AGP also acquired a vegetable oil re ﬁ nery in Sherman, 
Texas (formerly owned by Kraft) and a grain terminal 
in Atchison, Texas–”which will provide better access to 
barge transportation and improve arbitrage.” The reﬁ nery 
acquisition enabled “AGP to shift a substantial portion of 
reﬁ ned vegetable oil production from St. Joseph to the new 
facility and to Denison, Texas.”
 AGP now has ﬁ ve primary businesses, each of which 
was proﬁ table in 1993: (1) Soy processing continues as 
AGP’s core business; it includes the milling of soybean 
ﬂ our [Soy Flour Division], and AGP trucking. Reduced 
shipments of soybean meal to the former Soviet Union 
has had a negative impact. (2) Reﬁ ned oils [Vegetable Oil 
Division], with three vegetable oil reﬁ neries at St. Joseph, 
Missouri, and at Denison and Sherman, Texas. (3) “Grain. 
The primary activities are grain elevator operations and 
grain merchandising, which include marketing agreements 
with local cooperatives. Exports and proﬁ ts from them are 
growing.” (4) “Feed. Comprised primarily of Supersweet 
feeds in the United States and Masterfeeds in Canada,” 
including “Agri Center operations in the United States 
and poultry operations in Canada.” In 1937, Supersweet 
Feeds started making feed in Redwood, Minnesota. Today 
the company has 18 manufacturing plants. Masterfeeds 
started more than 65 years ago in Canada. (5) “Pet Foods 
[Division]. This business area manufactures and markets pet 
foods through private labels (AGP specialists develop the 
formulas), co-packing arrangements (the customer develops 
the formulas), and our own branded products.”
 “AGP is a young company. The ﬁ rst ﬁ ve years were 
dedicated to survival and to competing against the market 
inﬂ uences of large, private grain and processing ﬁ rms in 
the soybean and soybean meal markets. We believe that 
producers [farmers] must be represented by their cooperative 
in market-making areas in order to maximize their returns 
[proﬁ ts]. AGP is dedicated to this goal.”
 The horrendous 1993 ﬂ  oods shut down rail shipments 
for a long time. The AGP transportation “ﬂ eet now includes 
1,625 rail cars, 86 semi-tractors [semitrailers], and 101 
trailers of all sizes.
 In October 1992 “the Chicago Board of Trade [Illinois] 
changed the soybean meal contract from a low protein 
contract to a high protein contract.” This was an historical 
development and “a learning experience because historical 
soybean meal basis levels became obsolete and new 
contracts moved toward actual delivery levels that have 
evolved over the last decade.” The required some internal 
accounting changes, which will beneﬁ t AGP.
 “Export sales: The Ag Products Division has continued 
to increase direct sales of feed ingredients into foreign 
countries. During the past year 250,000 tons of soybean meal 
were exported to more than 14 countries.” However, “export 
sales have not regained the level that existed before the 
breakup of the Soviet Union.”
 Soybean hulls are now “pelleted in Sergeant Bluff and 
Eagle Grove, Iowa. They are marketed domestically and for 
export.”
 Page 16, titled “AGP businesses.” Shows the location 
of every AGP business, organized by business type (such 
as Soybean processing, Vegetable oil reﬁ ning, Feed 
manufacturing, Grain elevators, etc.). Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska.
760. Campbell, John. 1993. Biodiesel: Legislative and 

=== PAGE 256 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   256
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
regulatory agenda. Omaha, Nebraska: AGP. 16 + [12] p. Dec. 
23. 28 cm.
• Summary: The report begins: “The purpose of any 
legislative agenda for biodiesel should be to increase use. 
There are only three ways for the government to increase the 
use of biodiesel. They are: (A) Reduce the price of biodiesel 
relative to its competitors through subsidies. (B) Create a set 
of rules that favor the use of biodiesel, regardless of price, 
relative to its competitors. (C) Fund research that leads to 
lower priced feedstocks, more efﬁ cient processing and higher 
value uses for biodiesel and its coproducts.
 “Government has inadvertently opened opportunities 
for biodiesel through legislation consistent with avenue (B) 
above. A brief examination of each of these avenues, with 
heavy emphasis on option (B), is attached.” Signed John 
Campbell.
 Following this 14-page analysis are 12 pages of tables, 
graphs, and maps. The maps are: (1) 22 non-attainment 
areas covered by the clean fuel ﬂ eet program. (2) Signiﬁ cant 
number of federal & postal service vehicles located in 
metropolitan areas covered by the National Energy Policy 
Act of 1992. (3) Highlighted non-attainment areas with 
signiﬁ cant numbers of federal and postal vehicle ﬂ eets. 
Source of maps: DOE Alterative Fuels Data Center, 7 June 
1993. Address: [AGP, Omaha, Nebraska].
761. Wittenburg, Bonnie. 1993. Archer Daniels Midland 
Company: NYSE–ADM. Minneapolis, Minnesota: Dain 
Bosworth. 36 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Contents: Summary and recommendation: 
Valuation. Company proﬁ le. Operating review. Corn reﬁ ning: 
High fructose corn syrup (HFCS), ethanol, bioproducts. 
Oilseed processing (soybeans, soymeal, soyoil): Edible 
soy proteins (soy protein concentrates, isolates, soy ﬂ our, 
and textured soy ﬂ our). Wheat milling. Other products 
and businesses. International trade: NAFTA and GATT. 
Financials. Recent results. Outlook and conclusion.
 Index of exhibits. ADM sales by segment in 1988 
and 1993 (p. 5; In 1993: Oilseed processing 50%, corn 
reﬁ ning 28%, wheat milling 13%, other 9%). U.S. oilseed 
processing capacity (p. 20; ADM 28% of U.S. capacity, 
Cargill 25%, Bunge 16%, Ag Processors 14%, Central Soya 
10%, Other 7%). World oilseed production by crop (p. 20; 
Soybeans account for 52% of the 227.3 million metric tons 
[tonnes] total). World soybean production by country (p. 
20; Total 116.9 million tonnes, of which the U.S. produces 
51%, Brazil 19%, Argentina 10%, China 9%, Other 11%). 
World vegetable oil consumption 1992 by crop (p. 21; Total 
584. million tonnes, of which soybean is 30%, palm 21%, 
rapeseed 15%, sunseed [sunﬂ owerseed] 14%, peanut 6%, 
cottonseed 6%, other 3%). Soybean meal use by livestock (p. 
20; Poultry 51%, swine 27%, beef 8%, dairy cows 7%, other 
7%). Largest exporters of soybean meal: 1990-1994 (tonnes 
in 1993/94 EC-12 8,830, Brazil 6,550. USA 4,944). Largest 
importers of soybean meal: 1990-1994 (tonnes in 1993/94 
EC-12 13,630, Asia and Oceania 4,936, Middle East and 
North Africa 2,443).
 This “Dain Bosworth Research Report” is “A 
fundamental appraisal of investment value.” “ADM is so big 
and efﬁ cient, and its product lines are so diverse, that it can 
beneﬁ t from almost any positive trend impacting agriculture 
worldwide. ADM is believed to be the largest corn reﬁ ner, 
oilseed processor and ﬂ our miller in the United States... 
We recommend purchase of ADM shares based on our 
expectations of improved earnings momentum beginning in 
the fourth ﬁ scal quarter of ﬁ scal 1994.”
 Concerning edible soy proteins (p. 23-24): The entire 
U.S. meat substitute market is estimated at $50-100 million 
annually today, and growing at 5-8% a year. The Green Giant 
Division of Pillsbury is marketing ADM’s burgers under 
the name Green Giant Harvest Burger. Worthington Foods 
of Ohio is the leader in the meat substitute category. Their 
Morningstar Farms burgers are precooked whereas ADM’s 
burgers require cooking. ADM sold 70 million veggie 
burgers in ﬁ scal 1993 and is now building capacity to triple 
production. A company named Aton, said to be one of the 
largest private enterprises in Ukraine, has an agreement with 
ADM whereby ADM will be shipping $100 million of soy-
based food ingredients to Ukraine by the summer of 1994.
 Toepfer, which was started in Germany in 1919, handles 
approximately 9% of the total world grain trade and about 
35% of the world trade in feedstuffs. ADM owns 50% of 
Toepfer; the other half is owned by 14 cooperatives from 7 
countries including Gold Kist, Agway, Harvest States, AGP, 
etc. in the USA.
 “We continue to believe that the long-term story for 
ADM is among the best of the companies we follow.” 
“In our opinion, ADM is among the best positioned, best 
managed, and ﬁ nancially sound ag processing companies 
around” (p. 35). Address: 60 South Sixth St., Minneapolis, 
Minnesota 55402-4422. Phone: (612) 371-2728.
762. National SoyDiesel Development Board. 1994. Board 
of directors and related documents. Jefferson City, Missouri. 
11 p. Unpublished typescript. Feb. 28.
• Summary: (1) The states represented are: Indiana, Iowa, 
Illinois, Missouri, Nebraska, Ohio, South Dakota, Michigan, 
Minnesota, SC/GA/FL/TN [South Carolina, Georgia, 
Florida, Tennessee, combined as one], Wisconsin. For each 
state is given: One farmer representative and one staff rep. 
(the latter from the state soybean board). Staff are listed at 
the end.
 (2) NSDB afﬁ  liates and associate members: NOPA, 
AGP (John Campbell), United Soybean Board (Industry 
information, research, and staff). American Soybean 
Association (Research).
 (3) Consultants (4) and subcontractors (6). Observers 
and advisors (47).

=== PAGE 257 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   257
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 (4) Goals. Organizational chart. FY94 Funded projects: 
Research program (17 projects). Industry information (30 
projects).
 (5) Committees and lists for conference calls: 
Executive. Board of Directors. Research committee. Industry 
information committee. Monday morning contractor call. 
QSSB [Qualiﬁ ed State Soybean Boards] executives (as of 4 
Nov. 1994). Address: Jefferson City, Missouri.
763. Hoeldtke, Deborah. 1994. A soy-based success story. Ag 
Innovation News (AURI–Agricultural Utilization Research 
Inst., Crookston, Minnesota) 3(2):11. April.
• Summary: The story of Preference, a soy-based non-ionic 
surfactant that is mixed with pesticides and made by Cenex/
Land O’Lakes. A new formula will use soybean oil soapstock 
instead of soy oil. The new product is already patented.
764. Duggan, David. 1994. Problems with the Flier patent 
assigned to Ralston Purina (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. June 
13. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: David is an anti-trust attorney, not a patent 
attorney. On 5 July 1990 the federal circuit court of appeals, 
which hears appeals concerning patent cases in the United 
States, ruled that Ralston Purina Company had procured 
the famous Flier patent (No. 3,940,495. Feb. 24, 1976. 
Application ﬁ led 17 Jan. 1973) by fraud on the patent ofﬁ ce. 
The case is number 909 F.2D 1494 (Staley vs. Ralston 
Purina).
 Price Heneveld (a law ﬁ rm of patent lawyers in Grand 
Rapids, Michigan) apparently represented Ralston Purina on 
both the original application and in subsequent litigation.
 There was apparently earlier litigation involving Far-
Mar-Co, Staley, Cargill, etc. The ﬁ rst case was apparently 
Ralston Purina vs. Far-Mar-Co of Kansas. He believes that 
Ralston Purina ﬁ led the lawsuit in Oct. 1976. The judgment 
was in or about 1981–showing the slow pace of federal 
litigation. The case was tried in the 10th federal judicial 
circuit (district of Kansas), which is statistically the worst, 
in the sense that more cases are later overturned from that 
circuit by the U.S. Supreme Court. He ﬁ nds it interesting 
that Ralston chose to ﬁ le its ﬁ rst case in that circuit. There 
is law to the effect that if you engage in fraud on the patent 
ofﬁ ce and then use that fraud in an attempt to control or 
monopolize the relevant market, that is illegal, and may be 
the basis for a anti-trust lawsuit.
 In 1976, after Ralston Purina won the case against Far-
Mar-Co in Kansas, Ralston started sending demand letters 
to many other companies that were supposedly infringing 
this patent–including Staley, Cargill, Central Soya, Grifﬁ th 
Laboratories, Miles Laboratories, Nabisco, Anderson 
Clayton, General Mills, Nestle, Riceland Foods, Dawson 
Mills, General Foods, Grain Processing Corp., etc. Ralston 
was protecting its rights.
 In 1985 the Far-Mar-Co case was upheld, saying that 
Ralston Purina indeed had the rights to the Flier patent (Case 
no. 772 F.2D 1570). However Far-Mar-Co did not raise the 
issue of fraud. So it took another 5 years for the court to 
reach that question–which it decided in 1990.
 David’s main questions are: (1) Is textured vegetable 
protein [actually textured soy ﬂ our] a distinct segment 
of some relevant market? (2) Did Ralston Purina try to 
exclude other competitors from that market. (3) Were there 
substitutes for the product on which Ralston Purina had 
a patent? David’s ﬁ rm is in the process of representing a 
former player in the industry, a major trading company; they 
may represent a consortium of companies that were effected 
by the Ralston Purina’s “ill gotten gains.”
 Update: Talk with David Duggan. 1996. April 26. His 
ﬁ rm was representing the Lauhoff Residuary Trust in a case 
against Ralston Purina Co. Lauhoff is a grain company 
in Danville, Illinois. They were sued by Ralston, which 
claimed that they had infringed the patent without paying 
royalties. Lauhoff initially disregard the demand letter 
threatening a suit. Then they sold the company, but did not 
properly disclose to the buyers that a lawsuit was pending 
or had been threatened. Lauhoff then lost the case against 
Ralston in about 1986 or 1987. So the new owners sued 
the formers owners for failure to disclose. David argued 
that the amount paid by Lauhoff to settle the lawsuit was 
fraudulently paid. The case, which was very complex and 
convoluted, was thrown out of court by the judge because 
the statute of limitations had expired–they brought the case 
too late. Moreover, the patent was nearing its expiration date, 
or had expired. David believes that there was some pretty 
serious frauds on the courts in litigation to enforce the patent. 
David tried to present a RICO (Racketeering Inﬂ uenced 
and Corrupt Organizations) Act argument. It provides for 
triple damages. David tried to approach some of the smaller 
players like Far-Mar-Co but he did not approach ADM. The 
patent law was recently changed to 20 years from the point 
of application; formerly it was 17 years from the point of 
grant. Address: 321 S. Plymouth Court, Suite 800, Chicago, 
Illinois 60604. Phone: 312-663-0670.
765. Thompson, Keith. 1994. Breeding soybeans for use in 
making soy oil or natto at Jacob Hartz Seed Co. (Interview). 
SoyaScan Notes. Oct. 11-12. Conducted by William Shurtleff 
of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Hartz is making more progress in fatty acid 
modiﬁ cation for the oils industry than they are in Oriental 
soyfoods, in two areas: (1) Increasing saturated fatty acids 
to about 30% so that the oil need not be hydrogenated in 
applications where hydrogenation (which creates trans fatty 
acids) was traditionally used; (2) Reducing saturated fatty 
acids to the level of canola oil; Hartz already has a “low-
saturate soybean” with only 7.5% saturated fatty acids (as 
opposed to 6% in canola oil) but none of the oil companies 
are interested. They run strictly on cost and are not willing 

=== PAGE 258 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   258
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
to pay a premium. Moreover, a specialty oil would require 
that the beans be “identity preserved” yet even a small 
solvent extraction plant (such as Riceland Foods in Stuttgart) 
has a capacity of 50,000 bushels/day. The oil companies 
say it will cost a lot of money to put a low-saturate soy oil 
on the shelf and they do not think they can gain market 
share. Keith hopes that Hartz can pursue this more to ﬁ nd a 
company interested in a niche market, such as an all-natural 
oil that is low in saturated fatty acids. The industry seems 
more interested in (1) than in (2). Monsanto has concluded 
that it is too costly to make these changes using genetic 
engineering, but not too costly (and worth doing) using 
classical breeding.
 Hartz has hired a food scientist, Dr. Keshun Liu, who 
is actively involved in Hartz’s mutation breeding program 
for fatty acids. He does a lot of analysis of the oil content 
of these soybean mutants, using a gas chromatograph. He 
also does quite a lot of analysis on natto beans and a little on 
soybeans for tofu.
 In terms of Oriental soyfoods, Hartz has for many years 
sold a large quantity of specialty soybeans to natto makers 
in Japan. They have worked closely with natto makers to 
breed in several characteristics that they require, such as 
small seed size. Hartz’s Japanese partner [Yaichiro Mogi of 
Asahi Shokuhin] was very scientiﬁ cally oriented and had 
good analytical capabilities. They came to Hartz and said 
“Here’s what we want in a natto bean.” Hartz bred to their 
speciﬁ cations and it worked. Keith thinks that Hartz may 
have the world’s biggest program for breeding soybeans for 
natto. Hartz’s sales of natto beans constitute about 50% of 
the company’s total sales. Hartz’s soybean breeders continue 
to communicate with natto makers (more than does Hart’s 
food scientist) but there doesn’t seem to be a lot of change in 
terms of what they are looking for in a good natto soybean.
 Natto makers are willing to pay a good premium for 
their soybeans because natto beans are inherently lower 
yielding and have many special characteristics that are 
difﬁ cult to breed and select for. The breeder must get 
high yield and disease resistance for the farmer plus 3-4 
characteristics desired by the natto makers. Address: Food 
and Export Manager, Jacob Hartz Seed Co., P.O. Box 946, 
Stuttgart, Arkansas 72160. Phone: 800-932-7333.
766. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1994. Annual 
report: Partners in food production. 12700 West Dodge Road, 
P.O. Box 2047, Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. 20 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 1994 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$1,377.370 million, up 13.0% from $1,218.614 million in 
1993. Earnings before income taxes: $42.727 million, down 
4.4% from the $44.659 million in 1993. On the inside front 
cover is a brief essay about the “150th anniversary of the 
Co-operative Movement 1844-1894.” AGP is owned by 
380,000 farmers and 351 local cooperatives. “Today 700 
million people around the world share the cooperative form 
of business. In the U.S., 120 million people are members of 
over 47,000 cooperatives.”
 This year AGP’s board of directors “declared a 
patronage payment of $35,786,000. Additionally the 
board declared a revolvement of stockholders’ equity of 
$14,280,000, bringing AGP current into the 1989 equity 
balances.”
 “The combined capacity of our seven [soybean] 
processing plants ranks AGP fourth in the U.S. in terms 
of soybean processing capacity.” The plants purchase the 
equivalent of 250,000 acres of soybeans each month for 
processing. Each day, AGP merchandisers sell 8,000 tons of 
soybean meal to cooperatives and other companies for the 
manufacture of feeds.”
 “In August 1994 AGP purchased all of Maple Leaf 
Foods Inc.’s Western Canadian deed plants” in Alberta, 
Canada.
 In Nov. 1994, AGP and ADM formed a new company 
named Consolidated Nutrition, L.C., owned 50-50 by AGP 
and ADM. It consists of the combined assets of AGP, L.P. 
and Master Mix Feeds (which was founded in 1935 by 
Central Soya Inc.) “In July 1994, ADM purchased most 
of Central Soya’s feed and nutrition operations, including 
Master Mix Feeds.”
 A color map (p. 18), with 9 symbols, shows all of AGP’s 
business locations in the United States, Canada, and the 
Caribbean. Another color map (p. 20) show where all of 
AGP’s shareholders are located. Color portrait photos show 
(1) Knobbe and Lindsay. (2) The towering desolventizer-
toaster at the Mason City, Iowa, plant. (3) Aerial view of 
the St. Joseph, Missouri, plant. (4) The towering 1.7 million 
bushel capacity grain storage terminal at Lincoln, Nebraska, 
now leased by AGP. (5) A barge leaving AGP Grain’s 4.2 
million bushel grain terminal at Duluth, Minnesota. (6) A 
man holding a small pink pig. (7) The Farmers Cooperative 
Elevator Co. at Everly, Iowa. (8) Each of the nine members 
of the board of directors. Address: Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: 
(402) 496-7809.
767. Frazeur, Andrea. 1994. Destiny comes of age at Cenex/
Land O’Lakes. Ag Innovation News (AURI–Agricultural 
Utilization Research Inst., Crookston, Minnesota) 3(4):2, 6. 
Oct.
• Summary: Destiny is the name of a methylated soy 
surfactant product developed by AURI oil scientist Dr. 
Hemendra Basu.
768. Egerstrom, Lee. 1994. Make no small plans: A 
cooperative revival for rural America. Rochester, Minnesota: 
Lone Oak Press, Ltd. 294 p. Illust. Index. 23 cm. [200* + 
242 footnotes]
• Summary: Journalist Egerstrom argues for a “new 
generation” of farmer-owned cooperatives based on value-
added processing. A quotation on the back cover by reviewer 

=== PAGE 259 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   259
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Michael Boehlje of Purdue Univ. (Indiana) summarizes 
it well: “Agriculture is changing from a way of life to a 
business, and a business that manufactures food products 
rather than raises commodities. Egerstrom has documented 
this change... His fundamental theme, that farmers through 
collective activities and speciﬁ cally through cooperatives 
can shape this transformation of the food system and rural 
communities is not only interesting and enjoyable reading, 
but should stimulate and challenge farm leaders to become 
more pro-active in guiding and directing the industrialization 
of agriculture.” An appendix (p. 245-48) lists 50 “New 
Generation” cooperatives.
 Contents: Foreword, by Bob Bergland (U.S. Secretary 
of Agriculture, 1977-1981; Congressman from Minnesota 
1971-1977). Preface. 1. Agrarian myths & the Northwest 
culture. 2. Reviving the “good old days” after everything’s 
changed. 3. Observing change. 4. The Netherlands 
experience. 5. American experience. 6. Technology & 
knowledge transfer. 7. The more things change. 8. The 
need for a new approach to development. 9. Cooperatives: 
The new wave movement for community development. 
Afterword, by C.T. (Terry) Frederickson. Acknowledgments.
 At the end of many chapters are “Notes,” for example 
(p. 248-49) “The top ten basic questions you should ask 
before you [a local or state government] approve or are 
involved in an economic development project.” A good 
project brings real, durable beneﬁ ts to the community; it 
must offer more than the single goal of creating jobs.
 The title of this book is based on “Howard Cowden’s 
business motto for building Farmland Industries 
[headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri] into a modern 
agribusiness and petroleum giant.” Engraved in the 
cooperative’s boardroom wall, it reads: “Make no little plans; 
they have not the power to stir men’s souls” (p. 10-11).
 “Governments have lost both the legal authority to 
intervene in farm markets and arbitrarily raise farm incomes 
by raising prices, and the budgetary means to do so. 
International trade agreements [e.g., WTO, NAFTA] ban the 
former; political support and government budget priorities 
limit the latter.” In Feb. 1994 U.S. Secretary of Agriculture 
said: “I have seen the handwriting on the wall... U.S. budget 
support for agriculture will continue to decline” (p. 11-12). 
There is now bipartisan consensus on this key point.
 The following (mostly soybean crushing cooperatives) 
are mentioned or discussed: AGRI Industries, Inc. (p. 237). 
Cenex (89-91, 128, 141-43, 138, 150, 173, 193, 219, 222, 
234-36, 257). ConAgra Inc. (p. 129, 131, 133, 144). Dean 
Foods (p. 131). Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association 
(GTA) (p. 133, 170). Farmland Industries (13, 52, 115, 128-
30, 134, 136, 173, 229, 235, 258). Far-Mar-Co (p. 130). 
Gold Kist, Inc. (p. 51, 134). Honeymead (p. 133-34). Land 
O’Lakes (p. 115, 128, 130, 134, 138-40, 150, 154, 165, 169, 
190, 219, 222, 235). Monsanto (p. 165).
 Note 2. The title of this book is taken from a quotation 
attributed to the great American city planner and architect 
Daniel Burnham (1846-1912), who is quoted as saying: 
“Make no little plans. They have no magic to stir men’s 
blood and probably will not themselves be realized” (Moore 
1921).
 Note 2. Farmland Industries was the largest agricultural 
cooperative in North America when it declared bankruptcy in 
2002. Address: Maplewood, Minnesota.
769. NEW Cooperative Inc. 1994? Proud past, promising 
future: 1973-1993. Fort Dodge, Iowa. 53 p. Undated. 28 cm.
• Summary: Contents: Introduction. Badger. Vincent. 
Duncombe. Fort Dodge. Roelyn. Otho. Moorland. Clare 
and Barnum. Knierim. Lohrville. Rands and Piper. Palmer. 
Pomeroy and Knoke. NEW Cooperative. Directors.
 NEW (Northeast Webster) Cooperative, Inc. was 
born on 30 June 1973 when the coops of Badger and 
Vincent, Iowa, merged. An excellent, detailed history of the 
Badger Cooperative Elevator (p. 2-6) states: “The Badger 
Cooperative Elevator was created in June 1940, when 
members of the Farmer’s Elevator Company of Badger–
which had been in operation since 1902–voted to reorganize.
 “The ﬁ rst board of ofﬁ cers of the reorganized 
cooperative were S.E. Hovey, president; T.A. Chantland, vice 
president; and C.C. Knudson, secretary. Glenn Pogeler was 
hired to manage the company, for $125 a month. I addition 
to his salary, Pogeler was furnished with a house. In July, the 
board passed a resolution requiring Pogeler to furnish a bond 
of $5,000. On August 21, he was authorized to handle sealed 
corn.
 “Later in the year, the board agreed to install a furnace 
in Pogeler’s house and okayed opening a small account 
with the Badger bank.” On 14 Feb. 1941 Harrold Peterson 
was hired as assistant manager. Later in the year Pogeler’s 
salary was raised to $160 per month. “Both the manager and 
board president were given the authority to hedge grain as 
they thought necessary. The company continued to update 
equipment, and Pogeler purchased a pickup truck in January 
1942 for $715.” In July 1942 Pogeler’s salary was increased 
to $200/month. “In 1943 the Badger Cooperative Elevator 
was authorized to invest up to $2,500 in the Boone Valley 
Soybean Processing Cooperative at Eagle Grove, Iowa. That 
May, following a successful year, a four percent dividend 
was declared to be paid on preferred stock.”
 “A major event took place on August 10, 1943–the 
ﬁ rst annual meeting of the Badger Cooperative Elevator 
Company was held at the Badger Community Hall. Manager 
Glenn Pogeler announced that the company had realized a 
net savings of $17,491.99 for the year, and had 189 voting 
members
 “The company’s second manager was hired in August 
1943. C.R. Rosling took over for Pogeler, who had been the 
manager since the company’s inception in 1940.”
 In April 1953 the company sent out its ﬁ rst newsletter. 

=== PAGE 260 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   260
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
An aerial photo shows the Badger elevator complex in about 
1993. On the cover is a large photo of two wooden buildings 
of the Farmers Elevator Co., with two men standing in the 
left foreground. A small inset photo shows an aerial view 
of the complex today. There is no copyright page. The 
Introduction (p. 1), by Paul Pingel–NEW’s president since 
1986–explains that this book is not about history, which is 
past, but is about heritage, “which is much more personal, 
because it is largely our heritage that led us to what we are 
today. Heritage is what parents hand on to their children. It 
is a set of ideals and beliefs that help guide the present and 
the future. It’s a foundation on which each new generation 
grows and builds.” The last numbered page (p. 53) is titled 
“1993 full-time employees.” About 125 names are listed in 
alphabetical order. The back cover is blank except for the 
NCI logo. Contains many photos. Address: Fort Dodge, 
Iowa.
770. Biodiesel Report (NBB, Jefferson City, Missouri). 1995. 
Trucking group to study biodiesel in year-long ﬁ eld test. Jan. 
p. 3.
• Summary: “Omaha-based Ag Processing Inc (AGP) will 
use a blend of 35% soy-based biodiesel / 65% petroleum 
diesel in a ﬂ eet of nine trucks operating from its facility in 
Sheldon, Iowa, for a full year. Data on driveability, mileage, 
emissions, maintenance and repair will be analyzed by 
the Trucking Research Institute, a branch of the American 
Trucking Association.
 “The project is sponsored by the National Renewable 
Energy Laboratory, a division of the U.S. Department of 
Energy, with support from the Iowa Soybean Promotion 
Board.”
771. Campbell, John. 1995. Corporate corner [Four reasons 
why the U.S. soybean industry does not like GATT]. ASA 
Today (St. Louis, Missouri) 1(4):4. Feb.
• Summary: (1) Export assistance for the U.S. oilseed 
industry was reduced more than any other country and other 
commodity. (2) Many countries will still not have to open 
their markets to U.S. imports. (3) In many cases, existing 
import barriers were converted to very high tariff equivalents 
that, even after their reduction, will leave markets protected 
from U.S. exports. (4) The U.S. is skeptical that the GATT 
provisions will be enforced. Address: Vice President, 
Corporate & Government Relations, Ag Processing Inc.
772. Liu, KeShun; Orthoefer, F.; Brown, E.A. 1995. 
Association of seed size with genotypic variation in the 
chemical constituents of soybeans. J. of the American Oil 
Chemists’ Society 72(2):189-92. Feb. [13 ref]
• Summary: Ten soybean genotypes were grown in 1992 
with seed size ranging from 7.6 to 30.3 gm per 100 seeds. 
Signiﬁ cant correlations were found between seed size and 
individual unsaturated fatty acids–positive with oleic acid, 
and negative with linoleic and linolenic fatty acids. Address: 
1&3. Jacob Hartz Seed Co., Inc., 910 N. Park Ave.; 2. 
Riceland Foods, Inc. Both: Stuttgart, Arkansas 72160.
773. Liu, KeShun; Brown, E.A.; Orthoefer, F. 1995. Fatty 
acid composition within each structural part and section 
of a soybean seed. J. of Agricultural and Food Chemistry 
43(2):381-83. Feb. [11 ref]
• Summary: Using gas chromatography, seed coat, axis, 
sections of cotyledons, and the whole seed of six Hartz 
soybean genotypes were analyzed. The nutritional value 
of soybeans is determined by both the quantity and quality 
of the oil they contain. There is increasing evidence of 
the relationship between consumption of saturated fat 
and elevated blood serum cholesterol levels, and of the 
“relationship between linolenic acid content and the 
oxidative rancidity or loss of ﬂ avor stability in a food 
system.” This, there is a growing demand for specialty 
soybeans with either low saturated fat or low linolenic acid 
content. Address: 1-2. Jacob Hartz Seed Co. Inc.; 3. Riceland 
Foods, Inc. All: Stuttgart, Arkansas 72160.
774. Campbell, John. 1995. Attachment “A”: History of AGP 
involvement in soy methyl esters. Omaha, Nebraska: AGP. p. 
8-9. March. 28 cm.
• Summary: 1992 early–”AGP [Ag Processing Inc a 
cooperative] donates 750 gallons of soyoil to the Missouri 
Soybean Association for the ﬁ rst large scale test of soy 
methyl esters ($1,500). Testing was done on vehicles 
operated by the St. Louis Airport Authority. Interchem, N.A. 
conducts the transesteriﬁ cation in Kansas City.
 1992 April–”Discussions begin with Interchem and 
Procter and Gamble about long term business arrangements. 
Procter discourages AGP but wants any glycerine we might 
produce.
 1992 Dec. 28–Note: AgP is listed as a supporter of the 
National SoyDiesel Development Board (NSDB) in the 
latter’s newsletter.
 “AGP enters into an information sharing agreement 
with Interchem ($40,000) to review our relationship. (No 
subsequent agreements were signed.)
 1993 Sept. 18–”State Soybean Associations form the 
National SoyDiesel Development Board (NSDB) which 
was subsequently [12-13 Sept. 1994] renamed the National 
Biodiesel Board (NBB). Since formation of the Board, State 
Associations and the United Soybean Board (USB) have 
expended over $9 million in farmer dollars for research and 
promotion of biodiesel. John Campbell is a NBB Board 
Member.
 1992 Oct.–”AGP decides to pursue a plant construction 
grant through the USDA Alternative Agriculture Research 
and Commercialization (AARC) program.
 1993 March–”Campbell gives biodiesel presentation to 
National Oilseed Processors [Association, NOPA] Board.

=== PAGE 261 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   261
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 1993 May–”AGP drafts biodiesel tax incentive 
legislation for Federal effort.”
 1993 June–”AGP does not receive AARC plant 
construction grant but does receive $36,000 for a global 
production technology search. AGP contracts with C.F. 
Nofsinger to conduct the global study. AGP contribution was 
$26,307.”
 1993 July–”AGP sponsors biodiesel powered buses for 
the American Soybean Association (ASA) meeting ($3,500).
 1993 Nov.–”AGP proposes legislative and regulatory 
strategy to the National Biodiesel Board, American Soybean 
Association and State Soybean Associations.”
 1993 Nov.–”American Trucking Association proposes a 
heavy duty truck ﬂ eet demonstration with AGP.”
 “Procter & Gamble raises soy methyl ester prices $0.08/
lb and begins shutdown of Kansas City plant. AGP marketed 
about 10 million pounds of salad oil annually to the Kansas 
City plant.”
 1994 Feb. 28–Note: Afﬁ  liates and associate members of 
the National SoyDiesel Development Board (NSDB) include 
John Campbell of AGP. Only the qualiﬁ ed state soybean 
boards (who collected soybean checkoff funds) were allowed 
to be full members at that time.
 1994 Aug.–”AGP proposes an Agreement in Principle to 
Midwest Biofuels (a subsidiary of Interchem N.A.). Midwest 
did not respond. Agreement withdrawn in September.”
 1994 Oct.–”AGP enters into consulting agreement with 
Ag Environmental Products (AEP Inc.) for $10,000 per 
month. Expenses for the contract through Feb. 1995 have 
been $47,000.”
 1994 Nov.–AGP receives $85,000 grant to conduct 
a heavy duty truck ﬂ eet demonstration for the American 
Trucking Association (subcontractor to the U.S. Department 
of Energy).”
 1994 Nov.–”AGP receives $15,000 grant from the 
Iowa Soybean Association to help with the Heavy Duty 
Demonstration.”
 1994 Nov.–”AGP is offered supply from Calgene 
Chemical for up to 7 million pounds at $0.115/lb processing 
charge” [on soybean oil produced by AGP].
 1995 Jan.–”Calgene management change results in 
offered supply dropping to 2 million pounds at processing 
charges as high as $0.15/lb.
 “Total cash expenses (not including staff time and 
travel): $118,707.
 “Total cash income (grants): $136,000.” Note: The two 
lines above seem to imply that AGP’s strategy and generosity 
actually resulted in a net income of $17,300 over these three 
years.
 Letter (e-mail) from John Campbell to William Shurtleff 
of Soyinfo Center–in response to questions. 2007. July 12. 
John was hired by AGP in Nov. 1991. Before that time, he 
had served as Undersecretary for International Affairs and 
Commodity Programs, under Clayton K. Yeutter during 
the ﬁ rst two Years of the Bush (Sr.) Administration and 
also under Edward Madigan when he became secretary of 
Agriculture in March 1991, after Yeutter resigned to become 
chairman of the Republican National Committee (RNC).
 John’s initial title was Assistant Vice President of 
Corporate and Member Relations–approximately. John did 
not step into Bill Lester’s job when Bill retired; rather he 
ended up reporting to Group Vice President Joe Meyer when 
AGP got involved with ethanol and biodiesel. John’s title 
eventually changed to Vice President for Industrial Products 
and Government Affairs. In short, AGP split member and 
government relations and created a new “Industrial Products 
Division.” John wrote this chronology at the request of Joe 
Meyer as an attachment to a proprietary document justifying 
AGP’s investment in a new biodiesel plant.
 John Campbell is not the same person as John R. 
Campbell, who was dean of the College of Agriculture, 
University of Illinois, and an early leader in the New Uses 
Movement. Address: [AGP, Omaha, Nebraska].
775. Liu, Keshun; Orthoefer, Frank; Thompson, Keith. 1995. 
The case for food-grade soybean varieties. INFORM (AOCS) 
6(5):593-96, 598-99. May. [10 ref]
• Summary: Contents: Introduction. Food beans vs. oil 
beans. Traditional soyfoods: Soymilk, tofu, toasted full-fat 
soy ﬂ our [kinako], soy sprouts, soy sauce, miso, tempeh, 
natto. Soy protein ingredients: Soy grits and ﬂ our, soy 
protein concentrates, soy protein isolates. Soyfood nutrition. 
Current size of food bean market. Breeding of food beans. 
Conclusions.
 “Oil/meal beans include all the commonly produced 
soybeans.” The oil is typically used for food and the meal 
for livestock feed. However the “new varieties of food 
soybeans” are generally exported to countries in East Asia 
for preparation of Oriental soyfoods. Table 3 compares the 
attributes of food beans vs. oil beans. Seed size: Large vs. 
small to large. Seed uniformity: High vs. no preference. Hull 
color: White-yellow vs. yellow. Hull quality: Thin, ﬁ rm vs. 
no preference. Hilum color: Clear to buff vs. clear to blank. 
Protein content: High vs. medium to high. Oil content: Low 
to high vs. high. Cleanliness: U.S. Grade 1 or better vs. any 
grade. Major applications: Tofu, soymilk vs. oil, defatted 
meal.
 In addition to their use in making traditional soyfoods, 
the “new food-grade varieties,” especially those with high 
protein content, have been marketed for preparation of 
toasted full-fat soy ﬂ our, defatted soy ﬂ our, and soy protein 
concentrates and isolates.
 Photos show: (1) Keshun Liu, Frank Orthoefer, and 
Keith Thompson. (2) Color and size comparison of soybeans 
for food use and those intended for crushing (color). The 
“food beans” are larger than the “oil beans.”
 Note: This is the earliest English-language document 
seen (July 2001) that contains the term “oil/meal beans,” 

=== PAGE 262 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   262
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
used in contrast to “food beans” or “food soybeans.” This is 
also the earliest English-language document seen (July 2001) 
with the term “food-grade” (or “food grade”) used in the title 
to refer to soybeans or soybean varieties. Address: 1. Project 
Leader, Soyfood Lab., Jacob Hartz Seed Co. Inc., 901 N. 
Park Ave., Stuttgart, Arkansas 72160; 2. Vice President for 
research and development, Riceland Foods Inc., P.O. Box 
927, Stuttgart, AR 72160; 3. Vice president, International 
Soyfood Sales, Jacob Hartz Seed Co.
776. Ag Innovation News (AURI–Agricultural Utilization 
Research Inst., Crookston, Minnesota). 1995. Minnesota 
milestones: Preference [soy-based herbicide surfactant] has 
evolved into an entire product line for Cenex/Land O’Lakes. 
4(3):2. July.
• Summary: During 3 years on the market, Preference has 
been applied to 27 million acres. A soy-based adjuvant 
named Destiny has just been launched and is expected to be 
applied to more than 100,000 acres this summer. Three more 
non-soy products have been added to the line: two nitrogen 
premixes and a corn-based product named Class Act. Bob 
Herzﬁ eld of Land O’Lakes says the company is developing 
more new products using these technologies.
777. Minnesota Soybean Research & Promotion Council. 
1995. Welcome to Minnesota, the land of 10,000 lakes 
and 35,000 soybean producers! Where agriculture is the 
leading industry and soybeans are the number one cash crop! 
(Leaﬂ et). North Mankato, Minnesota. 1 p. Single sided. Aug. 
28 cm.
• Summary: This 1-page leaﬂ et signed by Donald Nickel 
(Chair of the Minnesota Soybean Research & Promotion 
Council) and Kevin Paap (President of the Minnesota 
Soybean Growers Association) begins: “Minnesota has 
had a long and prosperous history of producing soybeans, 
which many people refer to as ‘The Miracle Crop.’ Soybeans 
ﬁ rst came to Minnesota back in the early 1930s as a ‘plow 
down’ crop to add nitrogen to the soil for other crops. 
Since that time, Minnesota has continued to increase its 
soybean production from a mere 30,000 bushels in 1934 to 
230,000,000 bushels in 1994. The 1994 harvest was valued 
at just over 1 billion dollars. Minnesota is third in the nation 
in soybean production.” Note: Soybeans were actually 
ﬁ rst being grown in Minnesota by January 1900 (See W.H. 
Stoddard, 1900).
 “More interesting facts: Soybeans are grown in 75 
of Minnesota’s 87 counties. Over 40% of the soybeans 
grown in Minnesota are exported throughout the world... 
Mankato, Minnesota, home of two major soybean processors 
[Honeymead Products Co. and Archer Daniels Midland Co.–
ADM] with an overall crushing capacity of nearly 180,000 
bushels per day, is the largest soybean processing city in 
all of North America... Minnesota ranks 2nd in the nation 
in turkey production, 4th in the production of pork, 5th in 
milk production, and 6th in overall red meat production... 
We’re also proud to report that 96 percent of Minnesota’s 
newspapers are printed with soy ink.” Address: 360 Pierce 
Ave., Suite 110, North Mankato, Minnesota 56003. Phone: 
507-388-1635.
778. Orthoefer, Frank T.; Liu, Keshun. 1995. Soybeans for 
food uses. International Food Marketing & Technology 
(Germany) 9(4):4-8. Aug. [5 ref]
• Summary: Contents: Introduction. Traditional soy foods: 
Soy milk, tofu, toasted whole soybeans and full-fat soy ﬂ our 
(“The toasted ﬂ our is often used in rice recipes or for the 
preparation of ﬂ avored bakery snacks. The toasted powder 
may be mixed with plastic fats and sugar to be used as a 
ﬁ lling for confectionery and bakery products”), soybean 
sprouts, yuba, soy sauce, tempeh, natto, miso. Soy protein 
ingredients: Soy grits and ﬂ our, soy protein concentrates, soy 
protein isolates. Soy nutrition: Soy protein, fat and calories, 
phytochemicals. Food bean market. Summary.
 Two “different types of soybeans have emerged: oil 
beans and food beans. This is particularly true in the US soy 
market...”
 Of the fourteen phytochemicals, seven are present in 
soybeans. These seven are phytates, isoﬂ avones, carotenoids, 
coumarins, triterpenes, lignans, and phenolic acids. 
Phytochemicals have been shown to affect human health 
as much as vitamins and minerals, and many of them have 
anti-cancer properties. The discovery of phytochemicals may 
change how the nutritional value of food is assessed.
 The world market for soybeans for food use is estimated 
at about 1 million metric tons (tonnes). In Japan alone 
about 830,000 tonnes are made into soyfoods as shown in 
a pie chart as follows: Tofu (552,000 tonnes, 63.4%), miso 
(180,000 tonnes, 21.5%), natto (90,000 tonnes, 10.7%), 
soymilk (10,000 tonnes, 1.2%), soy sauce (5,000 tonnes, 
0.6%), and others (22,000 tonnes, 2.6%). In the USA the 
food bean market is estimated at 50,000 tonnes. Other 
major markets for food beans are in Korea, China, Taiwan, 
Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, and Thailand. Food-
grade soybeans can be sold by the growers at a premium 
of 5-20% above the base price. The demand for food beans 
is increasing steadily. Address: 1. Vice President, R&D, 
Riceland Foods, Stuttgart, Arkansas; 2. Project Leader, Soy 
Food Lab., Jacob Hartz Seed Co., Stuttgart, Arkansas.
779. Campbell, John. 1995. Corporate corner: U.S. soybean 
crop projected to be third largest in history. ASA Today (St. 
Louis, Missouri) 1(10):6. Sept.
• Summary: The USDA projected on Aug. 11 that the 1995 
U.S. soybean crop would be 2.246 billion bushels. The only 
two larger crops were the 2.558 billion bushels harvested 
in 1994 and the 2.26 billion bushels harvested in 1979. The 
projected yield would also be the third highest in history 
after the 41.9 bu/acre record set in 1994 and the 1982 yield 

=== PAGE 263 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   263
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
of 37.6 bu/acre.
 Nevertheless the current U.S. demand will exceed the 
1995 crop by nearly 150 million bushels; thus 4 million 
more acres will need to be planted. Coincidentally there 
are 4.1 million acres of land previously devoted to soybean 
production now in the Conservation Reserve Program (CRP). 
“Bringing this land back into production would mean more 
income for American farmers, workers, agribusiness, and 
others in rural America.”
 “Rapid growth of U.S. pork and poultry exports has 
contributed greatly to record domestic soybean meal demand. 
The U.S. will have to substantially increase its soybean 
production if it is to participate in supplying the world’s 
burgeoning demand for meat, poultry, milk, and eggs... Much 
of the land currently enrolled in the Conservation Reserve 
Program could be returned to production of soybeans 
and other crops. Of the 36.4 million acres [of all crops] 
enrolled in the CRP, it is believed that at least half can be 
farmed sustainably if returned to production.” Address: 
Vice President, Corporate & Government Relations, Ag 
Processing Inc.
780. Kilman, Scott; Ingersoll, B.; Abramson, J. 1995. Risk 
averse. How Dwayne Andreas rules Archer-Daniels by 
hedging his bets: CEO works with rivals, gives to both 
parties and invests in the media. Soy meatballs on the menu. 
Wall Street Journal. Oct. 27. p. 1, A8.
• Summary: A very well researched and written proﬁ le of 
Dwayne Andreas and how he applies the concept of hedging 
to every aspect of ADM’s business life. Andreas was born 
on 4 March 1918 in Worthington, Minnesota, the son of a 
Mennonite farmer. From 1936 to 1938 he attended Wheaton 
College in Illinois. From 1938 to 1945 he was executive 
ofﬁ cer of Honeymead Products, a family-owned company. 
From 1945 to 1952 he was vice president of Cargill.
 In [Nov.] 1947, when ADM Chairman Shreve Archer 
died after choking on a chicken bone, Dwayne Andreas 
was age 29 and vice president of a rival ﬁ rm. For the next 
18 years, Mr. Andreas built a name for himself in the grain 
industry and became a millionaire in the process. He left 
Cargill and returned to Honeymead, where from 1953 to 
1960 he was an executive and the chief shareholder. From 
1960 to 1966 he was executive vice president of Farmers 
Union Grain Terminal Association, a cooperative. By 1965 
ADM was foundering (it had never quite recovered from the 
loss of its leader) and the founding families were ready to 
sell a sizeable share to Mr. Andreas, to make him a director, 
and to groom him for the top job. So in 1966 Andreas 
accepted the offer, joining ADM as a director and member 
of the executive committee. He spent the rest of his career 
leaving as little as possible to chance. Now age 77 and a 
diminutive 5 feet four inches tall, he “runs the giant publicly-
trade grain-processing company like a private family 
concern. Secrecy is so tight that ADM doesn’t even release 
quarterly revenues. Mr. Andreas once proudly told analysts, 
“Getting information from me is like frisking a seal.” In 
1970 Andreas was named ADM chief executive ofﬁ cer, and 
in 1972 he was elected chairman of the board.
 ADM is now America’s largest commodity processor, 
with annual revenues of $12.7 billion. Including stock 
dividends, ADM’s stock value has climbed at an average 
annual rate of 17% over the past decade–outpacing the stock 
market’s annual return of roughly 15%, as measured by the 
Wilshire 5000 Equity Index. ADM earnings soared 64% 
during the last ﬁ scal year to a record $795.9 million.
 Notwithstanding criticism that ADM’s board is 
dominated by Mr. Andreas plus his family and friends, Wall 
Street sees no possibility of a serious battle for corporate 
control, and little chance that any other company could pay 
at least $8.7 billion (ADM’s market capitalization) to buy the 
company.
 ADM is a major beneﬁ  ciary of federal price supports 
for sugar (they make ADM’s high-fructose corn sugar an 
economical product) and of the 54-cent-a-gallon excise tax 
break on ethanol (since ADM is the dominant producer of the 
corn-based fuel additive). Mr. Andreas helps preserve these 
twin towers of legislative largesse by hedging. ADM leads 
corporate America in contributing to both political parties. 
“Since 1981, the company has given more than $800,000 to 
the Democratic Party and more than 1.5 million to the GOP” 
(Republican Party).
 Pie charts show that ADM is the market leader in four 
major U.S. markets, controlling an estimated 35% of all corn 
reﬁ ning (followed by Staley, Cargill, and CPC International), 
31% of high-fructose corn syrup (again followed by Staley, 
Cargill, and CPC), 28% of oilseed processing (followed by 
Cargill 25%, Bunge 16%, Ag Processors 14%, Central Soya 
10%, and others 7%), and 26% of wheat milling (followed 
by ConAgra 25%, Cargill 12%, Cereal Processors 6%, and 
others 31%).
 Doing business with competitors has long been one 
of Mr. Andreas’s hallmarks. As he likes to say, “Keep your 
friends close and your enemies closer.” In 1992 ADM built 
a 3.5-mile pipeline to neighboring A.E. Staley Mfg. Co., one 
of its biggest rivals in the high-fructose corn syrup business. 
(Together the two companies control half of the $3 billion 
market.) The pipeline allows either company to call on its 
neighbor in an emergency for raw material, thus reducing 
risk.
 Four ADM board members are Andreases, and an 
additional six of the 17 directors are ADM executives, retired 
executives, or relatives of senior managers. At ADM major 
decisions are made at the very top, mainly by three men: 
Dwayne Andreas, his son Michael Andreas (who is in charge 
of many day-to-day operations), and James R. Randall, who 
has been president of ADM for 20 years. Top managers 
operate without budgets or much paperwork. “Decisions 
are often made in the executive dining room over a lunch of 

=== PAGE 264 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   264
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Archer-Daniels soybean cuisine.”
 “Once Mr. Whitacre helped arrange a luncheon 
between Mr. Andreas and visiting executives of a company 
participating in the lysine meetings in hopes of taping them 
discussing price ﬁ xing. But Mr. Andreas spent the entire 
lunch talking to his bewildered guests about his favorite 
product, soy-based meat substitute, then sent them off with a 
big bag of the stuff.
 In August 1994 he told this story concerning his views 
on competition: “The gazelle must run faster than the fastest 
lion or be eaten. And the lion must outrun the slowest gazelle 
or starve. It doesn’t matter whether you are a lion or a 
gazelle; when the sun comes up, you’d better be running.”
 “He delights in being the most powerful man in 
American agriculture, regaling his guests over soy meatballs 
and catﬁ sh with stories of his back-channel diplomacy for 
American presidents... But Mr. Andreas’s enjoyment of 
Realpolitik shouldn’t be confused with a lack of conviction 
friends and associates say. He is passionate about the virtue 
of spreading soy-based food around the world.–albeit 
generally at a tidy proﬁ t–and about the perils of soil erosion. 
His uncle was an evangelist and young Dwayne spent hours 
in revivalist tents listening to the preachers. Mr. Andreas 
preserves some of that fervor in his own speeches about 
government and business policy.”
 In recent years ADM has been sued by Ralston Purina 
Co. for alleged technology theft. Ralston claimed patent 
infringement and misappropriation of trade secrets involving 
a soy protein product. This case is now entering the pretrial 
discovery phase.
 Mr. Whitacre has alleged that ADM pays some top 
executives through illegal channels. ADM in turn has 
accused Mr. Whitacre of stealing more than $9 million from 
the company.
 Meanwhile ADM has continued its upbeat institutional 
ads that have blanketed the television networks and many 
publications for years. In a sort of ratings hedge, the 
company also spent millions advertising on ABC’s “This 
Week with David Brinkley,” NBC’s “Meet the Press,” and 
CBS’s “Face the Nation.” From Jan. 1994 to April 1995 
ADM spent $4.7 million advertising on “Meet the Press” 
and $4.3 million on “Face the Nation.” ADM is also the 
leading corporate underwriter for the PBS MacNeil/Lehrer 
Newshour, providing $6.8 million or 27% of the program’s 
annual budget.
 A point-style portrait illustration shows Dwayne O. 
Andreas. Address: 1. Decatur, Illinois; 2-3. Washington, DC.
781. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1995. Annual 
report. 12700 West Dodge Road, P.O. Box 2047, Omaha, 
Nebraska 68103-2047. 28 + 20 p. 31 cm.
• Summary: This annual report is larger in size (30.5 cm) 
and number of pages than any previous report. Net sales 
for 1995 (year ended Aug. 31) were $2,132.295 million, up 
15.7% from $1,842.293 million in 1994. Earnings before 
income taxes: a record $95.151 million, up a whopping 
122.4% from the $42.792 million in 1994.
 “The year of 1995 will be regarded as unique and 
profound in the business.” “Soybean processing and 
vegetable oil reﬁ ning have been the most proﬁ table 
divisions of your cooperative.” “Soy diesel (methyl ester) 
is an emerging market and AGP, through its afﬁ liate 
Ag Environmental Products, has become a leader in the 
marketing of this important, value-added product (p. 5).
 Denis E. Leiting has replaced Urban J. Knobbe as 
Chairman of the Board. Pet Food production is now part of 
Consolidated Nutrition.
 “In May, Ag Environmental Products, LLC was formed 
to research, develop and market industrial soybean oil-
derived products, such as biodiesel. Much credit goes to the 
American Soybean Association state soybean associations, 
check-off boards and the United Soybean Board for 
providing seed money to support soy industrial product 
efforts” (p. 10).
 Adding value: “Production of bypass soybean meal 
began early in 1995 at [AGP’s] Sergeant Bluff and Mason 
City, Iowa, plants.”
 “AGP is one of ﬁ  ve major producers of soy ﬂ our and 
grits. Soy ﬂ our is produced at the St. Joseph, Missouri, 
facility and marketed into multiple food and feed 
applications.”
 AGP now produces nearly 2.3 million tons of formula 
feeds. Consolidated Nutrition is the 3rd largest commercial 
feed manufacturer in North America.
 Four pie charts (p. 25) show which kinds of animals 
consume Consolidated Nutrition feeds (swine 28%, dairy 
23%), Master Mix feeds (dairy 37%, beef 23%, swine 23%), 
Masterfeeds (poultry 50%, swine 18%), and Supersweet 
feeds (swine 42%, beef 21%, dairy 20%).
 The “Financial review and analysis” is a separate insert 
on pages F1 to F20; it contains many bar charts for the years 
1991-1995.
 Photos show: (1) A grain trader talking on the phone 
and the grain trading room. (2) Leiting and Lindsay. (3) A 
combine harvesting soybeans. (4) members of the board of 
directors. Address: Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: (402) 496-
7809.
782. Richardson, Ralph M.; Adams, C.C.; DeVille, K.C.; 
Penn, J.E.; Kraenzle, C.A. 1995. Farmer cooperative 
statistics, 1994. USDA Rural Business/Cooperative Service, 
RBS Service Report No. 49. vi + 44 p. Nov. 28 cm.
• Summary: The Cooperative Marketing Act of 1926 
authorized the federal government to acquire, analyze, and 
disseminate statistics about farmer cooperatives.
 Contents: Highlights. 1. De ﬁ nition of a farmer 
cooperative: Classiﬁ cation of cooperatives, organizational 
membership structures. 2. 1995 statistics: Number of 

=== PAGE 265 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   265
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
cooperatives (4,174), memberships, cooperative size, 
business volume, net income, balance sheet, selected 
ﬁ nancial ratios. 3. Cooperative trends, 1985-94: Number of 
cooperatives, memberships, employees, business volume, net 
income, balance sheet. 4. Other service cooperatives: Farm 
credit system, rural telephone cooperatives, rural electric 
cooperatives, rural credit unions, dairy herd improvement 
associations.
 Contains 19 tables, 13 ﬁ gures (mostly graphs and pie 
charts), and 10 Appendix ﬁ gures.
 USDA’s “Cooperative Services (CS) considers four 
major criteria in identifying an organization as a farmer 
cooperative: (1) Membership is limited to persons producing 
agricultural and aquacultural products and to associations 
of such producers; (2) cooperative members are limited to 
one vote despite the amount of stock or membership capital 
owned, or the cooperative does not pay dividends on stock or 
membership capital in excess of 8 percent a year, or the legal 
rate in the State, whichever is higher; (3) business conducted 
with nonmembers may not exceed the value of business with 
members; and (4) the cooperative operates for the mutual 
interest of members by providing beneﬁ ts on the basis of 
patronage.
 Cooperatives are doing well. Record net income of 
$1.96 billion was up 44.5% from the $1.36 billion reported 
in 1993. A pie chart titled “Relative importance of farm 
products marketed by cooperatives, 1994” (ﬁ g. 4, p. 8) 
shows that dairy products have the largest share (32.8%) 
of the $65.5 billion sales, while grains and oilseeds are in 
second place (26.8%). A graph titled “Cooperatives’ sales of 
selected commodities” (Fig. 10, p. 17) shows that sales of 
grains and oilseeds have risen steadily from $10 billion in 
1987 to about $17.5 billion in 1994. No statistics are given 
for individual cooperatives. Address: Statistics and Technical 
Services Staff, Cooperative Services, Rural Economic and 
Community Development, USDA.
783. Wendel, Armin. 1995. Lecithin. In: Martin Grayson, 
executive editor. 1995. Kirk-Othmer: Encyclopedia of 
Chemical Technology, 4th ed. New York: John Wiley 
& Sons. See V ol. 15, p. 192-210. A Wiley-Interscience 
Publication. [51 ref]
• Summary: A comprehensive treatment of lecithin. 
Contents: Introduction. Physical properties. Chemical 
properties: Hydrolysis, acyl side-chain reactions 
(hydrogenation, hydroxylation, autoxidation), browning 
reactions, other reactions of phospholipids. Manufacture 
and processing (Crude soy lecithin is a by-product of the 
degumming process of soy oil: The phosphorus-containing 
compounds are removed to improve the stability of the 
oil. Only a small percentage of the total lecithin that is 
potentially available in plant-oil processing is actually 
produced). Puriﬁ cation processes. Commercial grades. 
Economic aspects. Speciﬁ cations and standards: Food 
Chemical Codex, U.S. Pharmacopeia (USP XXII), European 
Community. Analytical and test methods. Health and 
safety factors. Uses: Animal feed, baking products, candy 
/ confections (incl. chocolate), cosmetics and soaps, food 
(dehydrated foods, ice cream, macaroni and noodles, 
margarine, edible oils and fats, inks and dyes), liposomes 
(See Note 2), paints, petroleum products, pharmaceuticals, 
plant protection, plastics, release / antisticking agents, 
elastomers (in rubber), textiles. Bibliography.
 Tables: (1) Categories of commercial lecithin, Broadly 
divided into natural, reﬁ ned, and modiﬁ ed. And into plastic 
and ﬂ uid. Within the natural category is unbleached, 
bleached, and double-bleached. Within the reﬁ ned category 
is deoiled and fractionated (subdivided into oil-soluble and 
alcohol-soluble). Within the modiﬁ ed category, lecithin can 
be physically, chemically, or enzymatically modiﬁ ed.
 (2) Compositions of lecithins, oil-free basis, %. The 
phospholipid composition of 7 types of lecithin is given: 
Soybean lecithin, corn lecithin, sunﬂ ower seed lecithin, 
rapeseed lecithin, peanut lecithin, egg lecithin, bovine 
brain lecithin. Egg lecithin has the highest content of 
phosphatidylcholine (PC) at 69% compared with only 21% 
for soybean lecithin. Soybean lecithin [the most widely used 
commercially worldwide] contains:
 phosphatidylcholine (PC) 21%
 phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) 22%
 phosphatidylinositol (PI) 19%
 phosphatidic acid 10%
 phosphatidylserine 1%
 sphingomyelin 0%
 glycolipids 12%
 (3) Fatty acid composition of oil-free lecithins, %. 
Soybean lecithin is 58.0% linoleic acid.
 (4) Composition of commercial soy lecithin and egg 
lecithin. In addition to diluted percentages of the basic 
phospholipids such as PC 10-15%, PE 9-12%, PI 8-10% etc 
it also contains:
 lysophosphatidylcholine 1-2%
 lysophosphatidylethanolamine 1-2%
 phytoglycolipids 4-7%
 phytostearines 0.5-2%
 other phosphorus-containing lipids 5-8%
 sphingomyelin 0%
 saccharose 2-3%
 free fatty acids max 1%
 mono-, diglycerides max 1%
 water max 1.5%
 triglycerides [soybean oil] 35-40%.
 (5) Solubility of lecithin and various phospholipids. 
Shows which of six are soluble or insoluble in hexane, 
benzene, ethanol, and acetone. All but the last are not soluble 
in acetone, which is why acetone is used to separate out 
lecithin from soy oil. The six are:
 lecithin

=== PAGE 266 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   266
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 phosphatidylcholine
 phosphatidylethanolamine
 phosphatidylinositol
 phytoglycolipid
 lysophospholipids. Note: lysophospholipids are soluble 
in water; the others are dispersible in water.
 (6) Commercial lecithins, % composition. The six 
commercial lecithins are: Crude, deoiled, alcohol-soluble 
fraction, alcohol-insoluble fraction, PC 70%, PC 90%. 
Various trademarks for each are given, owned by ADM, 
America Lecithin Co. (ALC), Central Soya, Nattermann 
Phospholipid GmbH, and Riceland.
 (7) Commercial lecithin potential from vegetable oils. 
The 6 vegetable oils are soybean, sunﬂ ower seed, rapeseed, 
cottonseed, peanut, corn. The 3 columns for each type of oil 
are: World production (million tons, 1991-92), hydratable 
lecithin %, lecithin yield (metric tons). For soybean oil the 3 
columns are: 16.44 million tons, 2.2%, 361,680 tons lecithin 
yield.
 (8) Lecithin world production. The 6 types of lecithin 
are: crude lecithin, deoiled lecithin, phospholipid fraction PC 
35, phospholipid fraction PC 70, phosphatidylcholine > 90. 
They are ranked from the least expensive to the most. For 
each is given: World capacity (metric tons). Average sales 
price, $/kg. Crude lecithin sells for $0.62 vs. deoiled lecithin 
for $4.40 (7 times as expensive).
 (9) U.S., British, Japanese, and European speci ﬁ cations 
for lecithin purity.
 Figures: (1) Chemical structure of phosphatidylcholine 
(PC) and other related phospholipids.
 (2) Flow sheet for a lecithin production unit; each step is 
described.
 (3) Flow sheet for continuous deoiling of soy lecithin 
(with acetone); each step is described. (4) Flow sheet for 
batch process for producing phosphatidylcholine fractions; 
each step is described. (5) Flow sheet for continuous process 
for producing phosphatidylcholine; each step is described.
 Note 1. Rhône-Poulenc was a French chemical and 
pharmaceutical company founded in 1928. In 1999 it 
merged with Hoechst AG to form Aventis. As of 2015, the 
pharmaceutical operations of Rhône-Poulenc are part of 
Sanoﬁ  and the chemicals divisions are part of Solvay group 
and Bayer Crop Science.
 Note 2. A liposome is a spherical vesicle having at least 
one lipid bilayer. The liposome can be used as a vehicle 
for administration of nutrients and pharmaceutical drugs. 
Liposomes are most often composed of phospholipids, 
especially phosphatidylcholine. Address: Rhône-Poulenc 
Rorer, Germany.
784. Young, Raymond A. 1995. Cultivating cooperation: 
A history of the Missouri Farmers Association. Columbia, 
Missouri: Univ. of Missouri Press. xiv + 246 p. Illust. Index. 
24 cm. [29 endnotes]
• Summary: Contents: Foreword, by Bud Frew. 
Preface: What is MFA? (Founded 10 March 1914). 
Acknowledgments. Introduction, by Michael L. Cook. 
Prologue: The Post-Civil War era in Missouri, 1885-1910. 
Part I: The Hirth era, 1914-1940. 1. William Hirth and 
the farm club movement. 2. The creation of a statewide 
organization. 3. Continued growth: The early 1920s. 4. 
Politics and conﬂ ict. 5. MFA in the 1930s. 6. The end of an 
era.
 Part II: The Heinkel era, 1940-1979. 7. Expanding 
business ventures: The 1940s. 8. MFA in the 1950s. 9. 
Reorganization: The 1960s. 10. MFA, a good neighbor. 11. 
MFA in the 1970s. 12. Heinkel defeated by Thompson, 1979. 
Epilogue. Appendixes. 1. MFA Oil Company: A brief history. 
2. MFA Livestock Association: A brief history. 3. Members 
of the Board of Directors, Missouri Farmers Association, 
1917-1994.
 “William Hirth, the powerful farm leader, and his 
magazine, The Missouri Farmer, provided the glue that held 
the farm clubs and businesses together. Each MFA agency 
elected its own board of directors, which, in turn, chose 
the agency’s manager.” MFA’s goal was the improve the 
economic status of each of its members. Hirth died in 1940.
 The work of the co-op’s soybean processing plant at 
Mexico, Missouri, is discussed on pages 6, 142-43, 147, 154, 
163, 167, 190, 192, and 208-09.
 In 1943 MFA bought the Pollack Feed Mill in Mexico, 
Missouri, with the intention of converting it into a soybean 
processing plant. Also in 1943, Maurice Maze, who had 
managed farmers exchanges at Sullivan and Washington 
[Missouri], became manager of the Mexico, Missouri, 
operation. After delays caused by a shortage of materials 
during World War II and a ﬁ re in 1944, “the plant ﬁ nally 
started operation in late 1946” with a capacity of 1,800 
bushels/day (p. 147).
 Note: Soybean Digest (Oct. 1945, p. 15) says the plant 
began operation in early 1944, but was soon shut down by a 
ﬁ re in March 1944; it had resumed operations by Oct. 1945 
with two expellers.
 In 1962 a new solvent extraction soybean plant began 
operation in Mexico, Missouri, under the management 
of Kermit Head. This new plant had a capacity of 15,000 
bushels/day; the previous expeller plant had crushed 3,000 
bushels/day (p. 167).
 In the early 1980s MFA suffered major ﬁ nancial losses; 
the soybean processing plant in Mexico, Missouri, was sold 
(p. 208-09).
 A graph (p. 167) gives the growth of all MFA agencies 
from 1939 to 1961. Assets grew from $6.8 million to $99.5 
million (14.6 fold). Net worth grew from $4.6 million to 
46.3 million. Sales grew from $49.0 million to 352.6 million 
(7.2 fold). Savings [proﬁ t] grew from $0.835 million to 
$6.4 million. And members grew from 26,659 to 160,717 
(6.0 fold). Savings for the entire period totaled $104 million 

=== PAGE 267 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   267
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
for all agencies. Elevators at 165 locations had 24 million 
bushels of storage capacity.
 Heinkel was narrowly defeated by Governor Orville 
Freeman of Minnesota to be Secretary of Agriculture during 
the Kennedy Administration; neither man sought the job (p. 
165-66).
 Contains at least 35 photos, mostly portrait photos of 
key people in MFA’s history, and related buildings. Raymond 
Young lived 1912-1993. Address: President emeritus MFA 
Oil Company.
785. Soybean Quarterly (Nebraska Soybean Board, Lincoln, 
Nebraska). 1996. Baking with soy: Variety reference guide. 
2(2):6. Insert.
• Summary: A full-page table shows products used in baking 
that are now on the market from the following companies: 
ADM (6 products), AGP (4 types of Agsoy ﬂ our and grits), 
Cargill (5), Central Soya (4), and Protein Technologies 
International (5).
786. Lang, Paul. 1996. St. Peter Creamery and Agronico 
(Interview). SoyaScan Notes. May 3. Conducted by William 
Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Paul does not know what happened to St. Peter 
Creamery. Note: St. Peter Creamery of St. Peter, Minnesota, 
introduced Soy Supreme Spray-Dried Soymilk Powder in 
Dec. 1984 and Soy Supreme Spray-Dried Tofu Powder in 
July 1985.
 Paul tried phoning the company several years ago but 
there was no answer. He tried to ﬁ gure out what happened 
but with no results. Try contacting Allan Routh (rhymes with 
“south”) who is the brains behind SunRich, which is mainly 
a marketing group. Allan is on the board of the Soyfoods 
Association, and has an ad in the 1995 Soya Bluebook Plus 
(p. 59, 134). Paul is almost certain that SunRich gets its 
spray-drying done by Zumbro. Paul does not know who 
makes SunRich’s soymilk.
 Agronico (run by Mike Vincent) is basically out of 
business. Paul has heard (within the last week) that Agronico 
is being taken over by Honeymead, and they plan to make 
TVP. Address: Natural Products, Inc., 798 Hwy 6, Grinnell, 
Iowa 50112. Phone: 515-236-0852.
787. National Biodiesel Board. 1996. Board of directors 
and related documents. Jefferson City, Missouri. 15 p. 
Unpublished typescript. July 3.
• Summary: (1) The states represented are: Indiana, Iowa 
checkoff, Iowa association, Illinois checkoff, Missouri, 
Nebraska, Ohio, South Dakota, Michigan, Minnesota, SC/
TN [South Carolina and Tennessee, combined as one], 
Wisconsin. For each state is given: One farmer representative 
and one staff rep. Staff (incl. Kenlon Johannes, executive 
director, and Jeffrey Horvath, Program director) and the 
executive committee are listed at the end.
 (2) NSDB associate members: Cargill, TRT (Twin 
Rivers Technology), OSGMB (Ontario Soybean Growers’ 
Marketing Board [Canada]), FPRF (Fats & Proteins 
Research Foundation, Inc.), NOPA / AGP (John Campbell), 
AEP (Ag Environmental Products, Doug Pickering), 
NOPEC.
 (3) United Soybean Board and the American Soybean 
Association staff. (4) Cooperators. (5) Potential members and 
other QSSBs.
 (6) Consultants (7) Sub-contractors. (8) Agricultural and 
related organizations.
 (9) Observers and advisors (government). (10) 
Observers and advisors (industry). (11) Observers and 
advisors (information & research services). Address: 
Jefferson City, Missouri.
788. Thompson, Kate. 1996. Sergeant Bluff will get new 
AGP facility. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). Aug. 24. p. A3.
• Summary: Ag Processing Inc. (AGP) plans to build a $6 
million plant to make methyl esters and crude glycerin from 
soybean oil at Sergeant Bluff, where the cooperative already 
has a soybean crushing plant. Last month, the company was 
granted a tax abatement for the new facility by the Woodbury 
County Board of Supervisors. The new plant is expected 
to by completed by the end of this year and to add 7 new 
jobs at Sergeant Bluff. “Methyl esters are used in biodiesel 
fuels, industrial cleaning solvents and [as an adjuvant in] 
an agricultural spray that improves herbicide performance.” 
Biodiesel is a soy-based additive for diesel fuel just as 
ethanol is a corn-based additive for gasoline. The plant is 
expected to use 3½ million bushels of soybeans each year 
(about 90,000 acres). Address: Journal staff writer.
789. Campbell, John. 1996. Corporate corner: Getting to 
know AGP [Ag Processing Inc.]. ASA Today (St. Louis, 
Missouri) 2(9):4. July/Aug.
• Summary: Ag Processing Inc. is “headquartered in 
Omaha, Nebraska. We are [a] regionally federated 
cooperative, meaning that our stockholders are local and 
regional cooperatives, who in turn are owned by farmers. 
Geographically, our membership is concentrated in Iowa, 
Minnesota, Nebraska, South Dakota, Kansas and Missouri. 
The AGP core business is soybean processing with six plants 
in Iowa (one under construction) and one each in Minnesota 
and Missouri. Since our formation in 1983, we have added 
soybean oil reﬁ ning as another value-added investment in 
farmers’ beans.
 “Brand names such as Supersweet Feeds, Master Mix 
and Tindle Mills are operated by the partnership. AGP is also 
one of the nation’s leading manufacturers and developers 
of private label pet foods. Most of our pet food business is 
private label but a growing share is for our own brands such 
as Sir John’s, Bow Wow, Gainer and others.” Address: Vice 
President, Corporate Affairs & Industrial Products, AGP, 

=== PAGE 268 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   268
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: 1-800-247-1345.
790. Campbell, John. 1996. Corporate corner: It’s ofﬁ cial! 
AGP is building a soydiesel plant which will be online by 
year-end. ASA Today (St. Louis, Missouri) 2(10):4. Sept.
• Summary: The AGP Board approved the new plant as 
part of the cooperative’s strategic plan to develop new 
value-added uses for soybean oil. The six million gallon 
plant will be located at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa, next to 
AGP’s existing soybean crushing plant. “The facility will 
receive some ﬁ nancial support from the State of Iowa and 
Woodbury County. However without the past and present 
support from soybean farmers through the ASA [American 
Soybean Association], the United Soybean Board and state 
associations and boards, AGP would not have proceeded 
with this project.
 “In addition to Soydiesel, AGP and its marketing 
partnership, Ag Environmental Products (AEP), will 
manufacture and market industrial cleaning solvents and 
agricultural spray adjuvants made from soybean oil methyl 
esters.
 Many soybean producers have expressed skepticism 
about the viability of a fuel that costs 3 times the price of 
regular diesel fuel. Moreover, biodiesel does not have a 
tax incentive like ethanol to bring it down to street fuel 
prices. But Soydiesel has a bright future in niche markets. 
Remember that a small fuel market is a big soybean oil 
market. A tiny one tenth of one percent of the U.S. diesel 
fuel market would require 440 million pounds of soybean 
oil–more than the capacity of the new plant. Address: 
Vice president, corporate affairs & industrial products, Ag 
Processing Corp.
791. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1996. Annual 
report. 12700 West Dodge Road, P.O. Box 2047, Omaha, 
Nebraska 68103-2047. 28 + 20 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 1996 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$2,764.549 million, up 28.6% from $2,150.422 million in 
1995. Earnings before income taxes: $56.221 million, down 
41.1% from the record $95.151 million in 1995.
 “Strong returns were again posted by the soybean 
processing group, primarily the result of continuing growth 
in meal demand... Also, AGP began construction of a new 
soybean crushing plant at Emmetsburg, Iowa.” It is the ﬁ rst 
new soybean processing plant built in the Company’s history. 
It is slated for opening by the harvest of 1997.
 “Continuing our value-added efforts, a processing 
plant to manufacture methyl esters from soybean oil is 
being constructed at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa. While known 
primarily as soydiesel, methyl esters have many other uses 
in addition to motor fuel, and we plan to capitalize on these 
opportunities. AGP is the second processor in the U.S. to 
build this type of plant and, despite being medium risk, we 
believe that this market will continue to expand” (p. 4).
 AGP ﬁ nished constructing a corn processing and ethanol 
plant at Hastings, Nebraska. It began operating in Nov. 
1995, and is already making money. Pelleting projects were 
completed in Dawson, Minnesota, and St. Joseph, Missouri.
 “ProAgro, a Venezuelan food and feed business in which 
Ag Processing has a substantial investment, is doing as well 
as expected.”
 “AGP began manufacturing high bypass soybean meal, 
Amino Plus [brand name; renamed AminoPlus in 2001], at 
Mason City as well as Sergeant Bluff, Iowa. Amino Plus, 
developed through AGP research, has been shown to increase 
milk production up to ten percent in lactating dairy cattle. 
The patent for this process is pending.”
 “Nine hundred hopper cars were added to the rail 
ﬂ eet...”
 New directions: “Methyl ester is the product remaining 
after glycerin (a food and cosmetic ingredient) is removed 
from soybean oil. AGP’s methyl ester products are marketed 
by Ag Environmental Products, LLC.” Discusses methyl 
ester applications at length (p. 22-23). Photos show: (1) The 
board of directors. (2) Top management. Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska. Phone: (402) 496-7809.
792. Soybean Digest. 1996. Land O’Lakes marks 75th 
anniversary. Oct.
• Summary: Based in Arden Hills, Minnesota, Land 
O’Lakes is an agricultural supply, dairy processing, and 
food marketing cooperative. With annual sales of more 
than $3 billion and net earnings of $120 million, the co-op 
employs more than 5,000 people and operates more than 75 
processing, manufacturing, warehousing, and distribution 
centers.
793. Product Name:  SoyGold (Soy Methyl Esters; 
Biodiesel); SoyGold Marine Clean Power Formula; SoyGold 
1000, 2000 Industrial Solvent.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Sergeant Bluff, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1996 November.
Ingredients:  Soybean oil.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  AGP News. 1996. Dec. p. 
1, 6. “Methyl esters: A new direction for AGP! New plant at 
Sergeant Bluff, Iowa operational–Will serve new markets!” 
“AGP’s new methyl ester production plant at Sergeant Bluff, 
Iowa, became operational in late November,...”
 “AEP has a biodiesel product called SoyGold Marine, 
which is designed for the pleasure boating industry (see story 
on page 7).”
 “Another area that has great potential for modi ﬁ ed 
methyl esters is as an industrial cleaning solvent. Traditional 
cleaning solvents have been targeted by the Environmental 
Protection Agency (EPA) for a phase out, and the chemical 

=== PAGE 269 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   269
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
makeup of methyl ester makes them an ideal substitute. 
Methyl ester-based solvents clean as well as other solvents 
and can be handled as a non-hazardous material. This 
product is available from AGP as SoyGold 1000 and 2000 
Industrial Solvent.”
 Hager, Stacey. 1997. “Soydiesel gets on-farm debut.” 
Soybean Digest. May/June. p. 5. “Soybean growers in 
seven states now can buy soydiesel at the pump and in bulk. 
Freeman (South Dakota) Co-op Oil / Fertilizer recently 
became the ﬁ rst retailer to offer diesel fuel containing 
SoyGold for farm and commercial use.”
 AGP Annual report. 1997. Industrial products: AGP 
now produces methyl ester at its soybean processing plant 
in Sergeant Bluff, Iowa; it is “the product remaining after 
glycerin (a food and cosmetic ingredient) is removed from 
soybean oil.” “’SoyGold’ is the ﬂ agship label [brand] of 
AGP’s line of methyl ester products” (p. 26).
794. Campbell, John. 1996. Corporate corner: Two things 
farmers can do to promote biodiesel. ASA Today (St. Louis, 
Missouri) 3(1):6. Oct/Nov.
• Summary: For more than 10 years, farmers have had to 
ﬁ ght the battle for renewable fuels (biodiesel and ethanol) 
on the grounds of environmental beneﬁ t, budget savings, 
and agricultural well-being. But a Senate hearing on 2 Oct. 
1996 changed all that. High ranking military and intelligence 
experts testiﬁ ed, for the ﬁ rst time, about the national security 
implications of the growing U.S. dependence on foreign oil.
 Farmers should do two things now: (1) Contact “your 
local fuel supplier and ask what percent of soydiesel is 
in their premium diesel. When they say zero, ask them 
to” please consider adding some for better lubricity and 
performance. (2) Let the person or company that applies your 
post-emergence herbicides know that you want metholated 
seed oil (MSO) in your herbicides next season. Address: 
Vice president, corporate affairs & industrial products, Ag 
Processing Corp.
795. Richardson, Ralph M.; Adams, C.C.; DeVille, K.C.; 
Penn, J.E.; Kraenzle, C.A. 1996. Farmer cooperative 
statistics, 1995. USDA Rural Business/Cooperative Service, 
RBS Service Report No. 52. vii+ 54 p. Nov. 28 cm.
• Summary: The contents is the same as last year. Contains 
25 tables, 16 ﬁ gures (mostly graphs and pie charts), and 10 
Appendix ﬁ gures.
 Cooperatives are thriving, with 1995 being a record 
year nationwide for net income ($2.36 billion, up 20.1% 
over 1994), and gross and net business volumes. Minnesota 
is the leading state in number of cooperatives (389), while 
California has the most memberships (329,241).
 The major types of cooperatives in the USA are 
marketing co-ops (2,074), farm supply co-ops (1,458), and 
service co-ops (474).
 The four commodities most widely sold by co-ops 
are milk, grains (incl. seeds), fruits and vegetables, and 
livestock. Address: Statistics and Technical Services Staff, 
Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Development, 
U.S. Dep. of Agriculture, STOP 3256, Washington, DC 
20250-3256.
796. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 1996. Methyl esters: A 
new direction for AGP! New plant at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa 
operational–Will serve new markets! Dec. p. 1, 6.
• Summary: “AGP’s new methyl ester production plant 
at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa, became operational in late 
November, meeting the company’s goal of having the plant 
on line before the end of the year. ‘Our employees are to 
be commended for their dedication and determination in 
accomplishing this project’ said Joe Meyer, AGP Group 
Vice-President. ‘We are up and running and expecting 
exciting things for methyl ester products.’
 “The new methyl ester plant comes on the heels of 
AGP’s corn processing plant built in Hastings, Nebraska, 
last year and represents another entry for the company 
into industrial value-added products. ‘This venture ﬁ ts 
our mission of adding value to agricultural products,’ said 
Meyer. John Campbell, Vice-President, Industrial Products 
noted that soybean farmers, through their state and national 
producer associations, have invested heavily in research for 
new uses for soybean oil, such as soydiesel. ‘It was time for 
someone in the industry to step up to the plate and commit 
to what is now an untested and somewhat risky market,’ 
said Campbell. ‘AGP’s past success allowed us to take some 
leadership in this area.’
 “Methyl ester is better known as ‘soydiesel’ but there 
are many other uses for this product in addition to a fuel 
additive. While soydiesel is expensive–three times the cost 
of diesel–the trade-off is that it greatly reduces smoke and 
fumes, is biodegradable, and can be mixed with petroleum 
diesel with no equipment alterations necessary. ‘As our 
society becomes more environmentally conscious, some 
markets will be forced to change to products such as 
soydiesel and other markets will be consumer-driven,’ said 
Campbell. Examples are public ﬂ eets in metropolitan areas 
using soydicsel to meet clean air regulations (forced) and 
usage in the pleasure boating industry by people concerned 
about polluting harbors and lakes (consumer driven). The 
states of Iowa and Nebraska are running soydiesel in their 
highway maintenance ﬂ eets because they realize it is good 
for economic development, added Campbell.
 “Marketing of AGP’s methyl esters products is 
performed through Ag Environmental Products, LLC (AEP), 
Lenexa, Kansas, which was formed in 1995 and is an AGP 
subsidiary partnership. ‘AEP has been out there with small 
amounts of product, introducing ourselves for the time when 
we get our production capacity going,’ said Campbell. AEP 
has a biodiesel product called SoyGold Marine, which is 
designed for the pleasure boating industry (see story on page 

=== PAGE 270 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   270
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
7).
 “Methyl esters are also ﬁ nding 
increased usage in agricultural 
sprays because they make the 
active ingredients in herbicides 
more effective. ‘Methyl Ester 
Adjuvants or Methylated Seed 
Oils (MSG’s) have been used for 
the past ten years but have really 
come on recently as agricultural 
producers are conducting more post-
emergent application of herbicides,’ 
said Campbell. ‘By using MSG’s, 
producers are able to reduce 
chemical applications while having 
more effective weed kills.’
 “Another area that has great 
potential for modiﬁ ed methyl esters 
is as an industrial cleaning solvent. 
Traditional cleaning solvents have 
been targeted by the Environmental 
Protection Agency (EPA) for a 
phase out, and the chemical makeup 
of methyl ester makes them an ideal 
substitute. Methyl ester-based solvents 
clean as well as other solvents and 
can be handled as a non-hazardous 
material. This product is available 
from AGP as SoyGold 1000 and 2000 
Industrial Solvent.
 “Another environmentally 
exciting use of methyl ester is in soil 
and water clean-up following oil 
spills. Application of methyl ester to 
contaminated soil increases the rate 
at which bacteria grow and consume 
oil, therefore speeding the recovery 
period. In water, methyl ester draws 
oil molecules together, immediately 
clearing a portion of the water and 
conﬁ ning the contamination to a 
smaller surface area which can be 
more easily removed.
 “’We are excited about the emerging markets for methyl 
esters and anticipate demand for these products will grow,’ 
said AGP CEO Jim Lindsay. He also noted that with the 
GATT agreement changes, soybean oil supply in the U.S. 
could build, making it vital that processing companies and 
farmers explore new markets for soybeans. ‘Oil value is 
the important part of soybean prices,’ explained Lindsay. 
‘The more oil we can utilize in industrial markets, the better 
soybean prices will be.’”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Aug. 2021) 
that contains the word “SoyGold,” a brand name owned by 
AGP, used to refer to soy methyl esters.
797. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 1996. Sunrider 
Expedition visits AGP headquarters! Dec. p. 7.
• Summary:  See above. “The ‘Sunrider’, the smallest and 
only stern drive boat to travel around the world, and its 
Captain, Bryan Peterson of Fairﬁ eld, Iowa, visited AGP 
corporate headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska, earlier this fall. 
In addition to the boat’s small size, another unique facet of 
the voyage was that the Sunrider was powered entirely by 
100 percent soydiesel, a product manufactured from soybean 
oil methyl esters.


=== PAGE 271 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   271
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Note: A “1 stern drive” boat is powered by one motor in 
the stern / rear.
 “AGP sponsored a news conference for Captain Peterson 
to discuss his expedition and the beneﬁ ts of soydiesel as 
an alternative marine fuel. The visit coincided with the 
construction of a new AGP methyl ester production plant in 
Sergeant Bluff, Iowa.
 “Peterson said he used 18,000 gallons of soydiesel on 
his 35,000 mile journey and did not encounter any problems 
mechanically. The only difference between the vegetable 
oil that consumers buy in supermarkets and the fuel used 
by Peterson’s 180-horsepower MerCruiser engine is that 
the fuel version has had glycerine removed, thus making it 
thinner. He noted that soydiesel is not a novelty fuel. ‘It’s 
environmentally friendly, non-toxic, and biodegradable,’ 
said Peterson. It also signiﬁ cantly reduces harmful emissions 
such as sulfur dioxide, smoke, carbon monoxide and total 
hydrocarbons. The alternative fuel is more expensive than 
standard petroleum fuels in the United States but Peterson 
said it is ﬁ nding a growing market among those who need 
small quantities in areas where it is environmentally, 
politically and socially prudent, such as in small diesel 
engines used by sailboats to enter and leave harbors.
 “’More than 300 sailboats in San Francisco Bay 
[California] alone now use soy-diesel,’ said Peterson. ‘Price 
isn’t the issue with a lot of people who want a clean-burning 
fuel from a renewable agricultural product.’
 “AGP’s marketing partnership, Ag Environmental 
Products (AEP) is test marketing ‘SOYGOLD Marine Clean 
Power Formula’ in boating markets now. The United States 
Soybean Board, which is supported by checkoff funds from 
soybean growers, was one of the sponsors of the voyage. 
Soy-based diesel creates new markets for U.S. soybeans 
growers and could reduce the nation’s dependence on foreign 
oil.
 “Since Peterson’s journey, he has towed the Sunrider 
more than 40,000 miles around the U.S. and shared the sea 
journey’s environmental message with more than 2 million 
people at schools, state fairs, and other locations. Captain 
Peterson and the Sunrider will be at AGP’s Annual Meeting, 
January 16 and 17, 1997, at the Holiday Inn Convention 
Center, Omaha, Nebraska.”
798. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 1996--. Serial/
periodical. Omaha, Nebraska: Ag Processing Inc a 
cooperative. Frequency: 5 or 6 times a year. 8 p.
• Summary: This newsletter (typically 8-12 pages, printed 
in color on glossy paper) provides current information to 
members.
 Letter (e-mail) from Kathy Anliker, administrative 
assistant, corporate / member relations, AGP. 2007. March 
16. Ed Woll said that AGP’s newsletter started in the late 
1980s and was known as the Beanery Bit; it later became 
AGP News.
 Letter (e-mail) from Jim Rodenburg, Corporate 
Communications Manager at AGP (Omaha, Nebraska). 2016. 
July 20. “I started with AGP in April of 1996 as Publications 
Editor (which was sort of misnamed because an editor 
takes material from its writers and photographers and puts 
the publication together whereas I basically wrote all the 
material other than a few contributing columnists, took all 
the photos, and did the graphic layout–it was pretty basic!!).
 “The AGP News is focused primarily on our cooperative 
members, their board of directors, associated organizations 
such as American Soybean Association, Iowa Soybean 
Association, media, etc. The FYI is published primarily for 
AGP employees. About half of the material ends up in both 
publication with the other half information-speciﬁ c to that 
audience. I believe in 2001 or somewhere in there we went 
to bi-monthly issues and later on to more or less quarterly 
publications.
 “I know when I started in 1996 there were some 
previous issues of AGP News but how far back they go I 
am not sure. I believe the ﬁ rst publications the company did 
when it was formed in 1983 was called “Beanery Bits” and I 
think it was for both employees and cooperative members. I 
need to do some research on these but have been busy trying 
to kick out the current publications as well as our annual 
report, website, etc.” Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
799. Tucker, Jim. 1996. Producers create ﬁ rst South Dakota 
soybean processing plant. Farmland System News (Kansas 
City, Missouri) 64(11):1, 4. Dec.
• Summary: The South Dakota Soybean Processors is a new 
producer-owned plant located six miles west of Brookings 
at V olga, South Dakota. Twenty-one hundred soybean 
producers combined their resources to create the $32.5 
million facility, which has a capacity of 16 million bushels/
year and is the state’s ﬁ rst soybean processing plant. A color 
photo shows an aerial view of the plant. Address: Corporate 
Communication.
800. Product Name:  Amino Plus (Rumen Bypass Soy 
Protein). Renamed AminoPlus in 2001.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Mason City and Sergeant Bluff, 
Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1996.
Ingredients:  Soybean meal.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  AGP Annual report. 1996. 
“AGP began manufacturing high bypass soybean meal, 
Amino Plus [brand name], at Mason City as well as Sergeant 
Bluff, Iowa. Amino Plus, developed through AGP research, 
has been shown to increase milk production up to ten 
percent in lactating dairy cattle. The patent for this process 
is pending” (p. 6). AGP Annual Report. 2001. AminoPlus is 

=== PAGE 272 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   272
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
“AGP’s high performance dairy supplement.”
 AGP Annual Report. 2005. “AminoPlus milestones: 
New status as number one product in the U.S. rumen bypass 
protein market.” “A unique, all-natural dairy feed ingredient 
made entirely from AGP soybean meal,...” (p. 5, 13).
801. El-Hai, Jack. 1996. Celebrating tradition, building the 
future: Seventy-ﬁ ve years of Land O’Lakes. Minneapolis, 
Minnesota: Land O’Lakes, Inc. 132 p. Illust. No index. 26 x 
26 cm.
• Summary: Land O’Lakes is a cooperative, created by 
cooperative creameries in 1921 in order to solve 3 speciﬁ c 
problems concerning butter: (1) its high transport costs, 
especially to New York City; (2), its erratic, often poor 
quality when made from soured milk; and (3) the lack of a 
marketing plan and vision for the future.
 The cooperative ﬁ rst became widely known as a pioneer 
in making America’s best sweet-cream butter, and for its 
colorful package featuring a kneeling Indian maiden holding 
a carton of the organization’s butter. The cooperative was 
based in Minnesota, “the land of 10,000 lakes.”
 This is a beautiful book, artistically designed, ﬁ lled with 
superb old photos and illustrations (many in color), printed 
on glossy paper with a hardcover binding. The chronology 
of milestones is well done and very helpful. By the 1890s, 
dairying had become ﬁ rmly established in the upper 
Midwest.
 1891–Minnesota governor John Pillsbury attracts 
Theophilus Levi Haecker, an expert in the science of 
buttermaking, to the Univ. of Minnesota. Haecker tours 
Minnesota’s dairy plants and encourages the formation of 
co-op creameries. 1896–The Minnesota Dairy and Food 
Department reports that the unsanitary methods used to 
produce butter often result in a product that “smells bad, 
tastes worse and does not keep at all.” 1899–Less than a 
decade after his arrival in Minnesota, Haecker’s efforts paid 
off. The number of co-op creameries in the state skyrocketed 
from two in 1891 to 438 by the end of the decade.
 1901–The invention of the hand-operated cream 
separator enables dairy farmers to more easily skim the 
butterfat from their own milk, but also attracts large-scale 
butter makers (or “centralizers”) to the Midwest. 1920–
John Brandt, a dairy farmer from Litchﬁ eld, Minnesota, 
is elected president of the Meeker County Creamery 
Association, a federation of co-op creameries interested in 
reducing shipping costs and improving the quality of their 
butter. 1921 June 7–”Representatives of 320 of the state’s 
co-op creameries meet in St. Paul to form the Minnesota 
Cooperative Creameries Association. John Brandt is elected 
to the board of directors. 1924 March–The association–
in need of a catchy trade name to use in marketing the 
members’ butter–holds a contest to name the brand. The 
judges select ‘Land O’Lakes’ from among nearly 100,000 
entries... 1926–Positive response to the Land O’Lakes butter 
name prompts the membership to change the name of the 
Minnesota Cooperative Creameries Association to Land 
O’Lakes Creameries, Inc.”
 “1929–Land O’Lakes opens a feed department to sell 
feeds for cattle, hogs, and poultry. Using higher-grade feeds, 
farmers are able to produce higher-quality milk, eggs and 
poultry that bear the Land O’Lakes label.”
 In the mid-1930s Land O’Lakes is a pioneer in 
introducing sophisticated, automated equipment for packing, 
labeling, and boxing sticks of butter in its “butter print 
room.”
 1951–Land O’Lakes introduces Calf Milk Replacer, a 
revolutionary feed that substitutes for (and is better than) 
the increasingly valuable skim milk that dairy farmers had 
formerly fed to their calves. A scientiﬁ c formula (non-soy), 
it was developed by Dr. Frank Crane of the Land O’Lakes 
Feed Department.
 “1969–This is a peak year acquisitions and mergers, 
with 37 organizations becoming part of the Land O’Lakes 
family.
 “1970–In a step that begins a tremendous growth in 
Ag Services, Land O’Lakes merges with Farmers Regional 
Cooperative (Felco) of Fort Dodge, Iowa.”
 “1981–Land O’Lakes moves to a new corporate 
headquarters building in Arden Hills, Minnesota.”
 “1982–Land O’Lakes merges with Midland 
Cooperatives, a Minneapolis-based ag supply co-op that 
markets feed, seed, agronomy products and petroleum.”
 “1987–An innovative joint venture with Cenex results 
in shared ownership of the Cenex / Land O’Lakes Agronomy 
Co. and a marketing effort that uniﬁ es the Feed and Seed 
operations owned by Land O’Lakes with the petroleum 
operations owned by Cenex.”
 “1996–The 75th Annual Meeting celebrates Land 
O’Lakes best year ever, with earnings in each core business 
exceeding plan.” Address: Minneapolis, Minnesota.
802. Harvest States Cooperatives. 1996. Yesterday, today & 
tomorrow. St. Paul, Minnesota. 21 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Contents: Our mission. Forward. The 
beginnings. The 1930s. The 1940s. The 1950s. The 1960s. 
The 1970s. The 1980s. The 1990s. And beyond. “When 
the best leader’s work is done, the people say, ‘We did it 
ourselves!’”
 The page titled “The Beginnings” notes that at the turn 
of the 20th century, “after years of battling grain merchants, 
bankers, and railroads, farmers in the Midwest and Paciﬁ c 
Northwest took important organizational steps in their quest 
for fair prices for their commodities and more control over 
how they were marketed.”
 In 1908, farmers came together in Minneapolis, 
Minnesota, to form the Equity Cooperative Exchange as 
a grain terminal marketing agency. The Exchange, whose 
headquarters were later moved to St. Paul, had but a short 

=== PAGE 273 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   273
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
life.” In 1923, after a series of operating losses, its directors 
voted to place the cooperative in receivership.
 “From the Exchange’s ashes in 1926 rose the Farmers 
Union Terminal Association (FUTA)...” It survived until 
the hard years of the Great Depression in the 1930s. The 
Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association (also called 
GTA) was incorporated by FUTA in anticipation of the 
demise of Farmers National Grain Corporation, a nationwide 
cooperative. GTA ofﬁ cially opened for business on 1 June 
1938 at 1923 University Avenue in St. Paul, Minnesota. 
“Headed by M. W. Thatcher as general manager, the new 
organization listed 121 local associations as members. Its 
facilities consisted of one terminal elevator (Elevator 1 in St. 
Paul) and two branch ofﬁ ces.” Photos show Elevator 1 and 
GTA’s original headquarters in St. Paul.
 The sections titled “The 1940s” and “The 1950s” 
describe the growth and expansion of GTA. “In 1942, GTA 
made its entry into the value-added arena by purchasing 
Amber Milling (see photo) in Rush City, Minnesota, a maker 
of durum wheat ﬂ our and semolina.” a
 The page, titled “The 1960s, begins: “GTA opened 
the new decade on a fast track The 1960 purchase of 
the Honeymead soybean processing plant at Mankato, 
Minnesota, and the ADM Commander elevator line in 
Southern Minnesota marked a major expansion for the 
cooperative. The acquisition of the Honeymead facility was 
just the start of what has proved to be an almost continuous 
expansion of the cooperative’s presence in value-added 
operations.
 “Also in 1960, GTA Feeds began building feed plants 
to increase service to patrons in North and South Dakota 
and opened its research farm and main ofﬁ ce in Sioux Falls, 
South Dakota.
 “Installation of the ﬁ rst electronic computer at GTA’s 
headquarters was another important addition to the 
organization as the decade began.
 “In 1961, GTA purchased the Minnesota Linseed Oil Co. 
at Fridley. Later made part of the Honeymead operation, the 
plant processed ﬂ axseed into linseed oil and sunﬂ ower seed 
into sun oil.
 “For NPGG, the early part of the decade brought a 
new member investment program aimed at ﬁ nancing the 
cooperative’s expanded presence in grain exports. The 
1962 dedication of the new export terminal at Kalama, 
Washington, on the lower Columbia River, culminated 
years of effort to give Northwest producers more marketing 
strength by providing a farmer-owned gateway to the rapidly 
expanding Paciﬁ c Rim market.”
 “With the decade’s emphasis on exports, GTA joined 
with six other regionals to begin construction on a ﬁ ve 
million bushel export elevator at the port of New Orleans 
[Louisiana] on the lower Mississippi River. The operation, 
known as Farmers Export Co. (FEC), provided an important 
new export artery to its farmer-owners in time for the Fall 
1968 harvest.” One photo shows an oil tanker on wheels. 
On the side is written, in large letters, Honeymead Products 
Company: Mankato, Minnesota.
 “The 1980s.” “June 1, 1983, marked a major milestone 
in the history of cooperative grain marketing in the United 
States with the combination of GTA and NPGG [Northern 
Paciﬁ c Grain Growers] in Harvest States Cooperatives.” 
Address: [Mankato, Minnesota].
803. Varner, Elizabeth. 1996. Mills and elevators: Soybean 
Co-operative Company. Soybean fan mill. West of VioBin on 
Livingston (leaﬂ et). Monticello, Illinois. 1 p. 28 cm. [3 ref]
• Summary: This 1-page typewritten chronology states: 
1922–Soybean Co-Operative Company (Stock was 
practically all owned by farmers) (page 54-55, 1937 
Centennial History; photo on p. 54).
 1926–Soy bean plant on West Livingston, leased to E. 
Peter Dengler, manager of Industrial Research Laboratories 
of Chicago (p. 28, 1937 Centennial History) (building owned 
by William Lodge, Sr.).
 1932–Soy bean plant leased to Ezra R. Levin of 
Chicago. Evert R. Worsham of Sulivan was placed in charge.
 1933-1973–VioBin Corporation.
 1973–A.H. Robbins Company, a drug ﬁ  rm, purchased 
VioBin.
 1996–McShares Inc. purchased and operates VioBin 
USA.
 At the bottom of the page is a photo of the old Soybean 
Co-operative Company taken in 1937, and the text describing 
it, both photocopied from pages 54-55 of the Centennial 
History of Monticello, Illinois, published in 1937.
 Talk with Lynn Richardson, Allerton Public Library, 
Monticello, Illinois. 2005. Aug. 11. The original soybean 
building was torn down long ago; no trace of it exists. A few 
hundred feet away are 5-6 new buildings which house the 
VioBin plant, plus a modern ofﬁ ce building. Address: Local 
historian, Monticello, Illinois.
804. Campbell, John. 1997. Political pod [Washington, 
D.C. has a huge inﬂ uence on markets]. AGP News (Omaha, 
Nebraska). Jan. p. 3.
• Summary:  “Bill Lester used to end this column with the 
phrase ‘Remember, prices are made in Washington, D.C.’ 
You might have noticed that I stopped using that phrase a 
couple of years ago. Since 1985, the Federal Government 
has stepped further and further back from trying to inﬂ uence 
supply, demand and price. Washington ﬁ nally admitted 
that the world market is too big to control from inside the 
beltway.
 “It is still true, however, that Washington, D.C. has a 
huge inﬂ uence on markets. The primary role of Washington, 
D.C. has evolved to making sure U.S. agriculture has a level 
world playing ﬁ eld on which to play. USDA and the U.S. 
Trade Representative’s ofﬁ ce is involved in a global struggle 

=== PAGE 274 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   274
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
to implement trade agreements and settle numerous disputes 
involving agricultural products. It is also true that despite 
NAFTA and GATT, agricultural products are still subject to 
more trade distortions than any other product.
 “On a similar front, agriculture is emerging into a 
new era. I call this the biological era. We went through the 
industrial era when agriculture was mechanized. We have 
been in the chemical era when artiﬁ cial inputs added so 
much to productivity. Now we are entering the biological era. 
We will experience further decline in mechanization (hours 
on a machine) and reduced tonnage of chemical inputs. 
These will be supplanted by genetic and biological systems 
that alter natural systems to achieve productivity increases 
that machines and chemicals have achieved in the past.
 “Governments are still trying to cope with these rapid 
advances. Genetic engineering is a very emotional issue in 
many sectors of society. Regulation of genetically modiﬁ ed 
organisms (GMO’s) is still in its infancy while science and 
commercial ﬁ rms race to offer these products to farmers. 
Train wrecks are bound to happen along the way.
 “The cold hard facts are that the world has no more 
tillable land. In fact, much of the land farmed and grazed in 
the world is not suited to production. Continued population 
pressure and growing incomes must be met by more and 
better food. If yield increases do not happen, what’s left 
of the natural world will be destroyed. We will not have to 
worry about the rain forest in South America and the national 
parks in Africa if the biological era is not allowed to proceed. 
The ground will be plowed under, burned off, grazed down 
and wildlife slaughtered.
 “So, with the new year and a new Congress I am going 
to start a new tradition with this ‘Political Pod’ column: 
‘Remember, all rows lead to Washington, D.C.’”
805. Stoll, Kevin. 1997. CFA returns record patronage. 
Farmland System News (Kansas City, Missouri) 65(1):14. 
Jan.
• Summary: The Cooperative Finance Association, Inc. 
(CFA) “announced record pre-tax earnings of over $4 million 
for the ﬁ nancial services cooperative. As a result of the 
strong earnings, CFA was able to return to its membership 
approximately $1.6 million in the cash portion of the 
patronage refunds. The cash portion represented nearly 39 
percent of the total patronage distribution for 1996.” Note: 
The remaining 61% became “allocated retained patronage.” 
The members of CFA pay their capital expenses (for projects 
requiring capital investment) through use of their retained 
patronage and retained earnings. Address: CFA.
806. Tucker, Jim. 1997. Tradigrain gives Co-op System a 
“window” on the world. Farmland System News (Kansas 
City, Missouri) 65(1):9, 11. Jan.
• Summary: “Three years ago [about 1994] Farmland 
bought Tradigrain, a grain marketing group headquartered in 
Geneva, Switzerland, in order to provide the Co-op System a 
‘window’ to the world of international commerce.
 “Tradigrain is a trading group that buys and sells 
grain globally to make a proﬁ t...” Its main business is also 
Farmland’s strength: hard red winter wheat (HRW). Address: 
Corporate Communication.
807. Biodiesel Report (NBB, Jefferson City, Missouri). 1997. 
Methyl ester plant becomes operational [AGP]. Feb. p. 6.
• Summary: A new methyl ester plant, opened by Ag 
Processing Inc. (AGP), became operational in November 
1996 and will process soybean oil to make biodiesel and 
other methyl ester products. The biodiesel is being added to 
its soybean processing operation in Sergeant Bluff, Iowa. 
Soybeans processed at the existing plant will be used to 
make biodiesel at the new plant.
 “AGP is a regional cooperative based in Omaha 
[Nebraska] and owned by more than 300 local cooperatives 
representing more than 350,000 farmers in 15 states.
 “AGP is a leader in developing markets for soybean 
oil-based industrial products. In 1995, AGP formed Ag 
Environmental Products, L.L.C., to research, develop and 
market industrial soybean oil-derived products such as 
biodiesel... The plant will employ seven people and will use 
about 3.5 million bushels of soybeans each year when in full 
production.
 “According to John Campbell, vice president of AGP’s 
industrial products, the methyl ester produced by the new 
plant will go toward making biodiesel fuels, industrial 
cleaning solvents and agricultural spray adjuvants.”
 For more information: Bill Ayres, Ag Environmental 
Products, L.L.C. Phone: 913 / 599-6911, Fax: 913 / 599-
2121.
808. FYI. 1997--. Serial/periodical. Omaha, Nebraska: Ag 
Processing Inc a cooperative. Frequency: 5 or 6 times a year. 
8 p.
• Summary: Letter (e-mail) and copies of FYI from Jim 
Rodenburg, Corporate Communications Manager at AGP 
(Omaha, Nebraska). 2016. July 20. “The AGP News is 
focused primarily on our cooperative members, their board 


=== PAGE 275 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   275
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
of directors, associated organizations such as American 
Soybean Association, Iowa Soybean Association, media, etc. 
The FYI is published primarily for AGP employees. About 
half of the material ends up in both publication with the other 
half information-speciﬁ c to that audience. I believe in 2001 
or somewhere in there we went to bi-monthly issues and later 
on to more or less quarterly publications.” Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska.
809. Campbell, John. 1997. Re: Biodiesel. Letter to Trevor 
Gunthmiller, May 7. 1 + 8 + 8 + 5 p. Typed on “AGP 
Memorandum” letterhead.
• Summary: This 22-page letter consists of four parts: (1) 
A 1-page memorandum to Trevor Gunthmiller (with the 
American Coalition for Ethanol), dated 7 May 1997. (2) An 
8-page news release from The White House, Ofﬁ ce of the 
Press Secretary, titled “The President’s program to encourage 
ethanol use in meeting the environmental goals of the Clean 
Air Act: Fact sheet,” dated 1 Oct. 1992. (3) An 8-page draft 
of the “Biodiesel Fuels Incentives Act of 1993,” dated 10 
May 1993. (4) A copy of S.465, the Senate bill introduced 
by Tom Daschele “To Amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to encourage the production of biodiesel and certain 
ethanol fuels, and for other purposes,” dated 25 Feb. 1993.
 Campbell’s insights in the memorandum are very useful. 
“Trevor: Your call regarding Eric Washburn’s biodiesel 
comments prompted me to rummage the ﬁ les for the history 
of our legislative efforts with Senator Daschle [D-SD] and 
his staff.” Note: Eric Washburn was the energy staffer in Tom 
Daschle’s ofﬁ ce.
 “The enclosed ‘Biodiesel Fuels Incentives Act of 1993’ 
was our industry effort to answer the question ‘What do you 
want?’ The legislation was submitted to Daschle’s staff. Our 
proposal was very speciﬁ c about $.77/gallon–which is the 
‘same as’ ethanol on a BTU basis.
 “What returned from the Congressional legislative 
drafting mill was S.465. This legislation proposed changes 
in the ethanol program as well as to initiate a biodiesel 
program. As you can see, S.465 looks little like the 
‘Biodiesel Fuels Incentives Act of 1993.’
 “In addition to uncertainty in how the program would 
work, the authors of S.465 decided to skirt the issue of how 
much the biodiesel incentive would be and instead chose to 
use the words ‘... treated in the same manner as alcohol...’
 “All this is not to complain because any assistance from 
Congress for alternative renewable fuels is appreciated. 
However we do have some history on this with Senator 
Daschle and it is disconcerting to hear the same questions 
being repeated after all the effort we and his staff put forth.
 “As an interesting historical note, in the closing days 
of the Bush [Sr.] Administration they put forth an ethanol 
/ renewables program that included support for biodiesel 
incentives.
 “Both the Daschle legislation and the Bush 
Administration proposals went nowhere. However, as 
you are well aware, just getting these ideas to the ofﬁ cial 
proposal stage was no small piece of work.
 “Let’s compare notes on this when you get a chance.” 
Address: [AGP, Omaha, Nebraska].
810. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 1997. SoyGold: “From 
the Field to the Farm.” AGP’s New Soydiesel Product Adds 
Value To Producers In Many Ways! June. p. 1-2.
• Summary: With the successful debut of SoyGold blended 
diesel fuel at several cooperatives in the Midwest, soybean 
producers have an exciting new opportunity to directly add 
value to their own crops. SoyGold, which is manufactured 
‘at AGP’s new methyl esters plant in Sergeant Bluff, Iowa, is 
now being marketed for on-farm use at six local cooperatives 
in four states. More cooperatives will be introducing the 
product to their customers at special promotions in the 
week’s ahead.
 “Local Cooperatives Leading The Marketing Effort: 
Farmland Industries, and AGP, with the assistance of state 
and national soybean check-offs and associations, launched 
the SoyGold campaign at select sites earlier this spring. 
SoyGold is being marketed as a lubricity component in 
Farmland’s Ruby premium diesel fuel package. The new 
product was ﬁ rst unveiled at the Freeman Co-op Oil/
Fertilizer station in Freeman, South Dakota, March 20 and 
21. If the initial reaction is any indication, SoyGold has 
a bright future. Producer interest was extremely positive, 
according to Bill Pape, Manager at Freeman. He noted that 
50,000 gallons of the new fuel were ordered on the ﬁ rst 
day of the cooperative’s ‘Booking Days’. A large crowd 
of producers, industry representatives, and the media were 
on hand at Freeman for a news conference to introduce the 
new fuel to the general public. Several newspaper articles 
and radio and television stories explaining the beneﬁ ts of 
SoyGold were generated from the special promotion.
 “A second kickoff was held at the Firth Cooperative Co., 
Firth, Nebraska, on March 27, with over 100 producers in 
attendance.”
 A photo shows Bill Pape.
811. Hager, Stacey. 1997. Soydiesel gets on-farm debut. 
Soybean Digest. May/June. p. 5.
• Summary: “Soybean growers in seven states now can 
buy soydiesel at the pump and in bulk. Freeman (South 
Dakota) Co-op Oil / Fertilizer recently became the ﬁ rst 
retailer to offer diesel fuel containing SoyGold for farm 
and commercial use. On the ﬁ rst day, 50,000 gallons were 
contracted for on-farm use.
 “Manufactured from 100% soybean oil, SoyGold is 
a low blend of soybean methyl esters” [made by AGP at 
Sergeant Bluff, Iowa]. “Making the low-blend biodiesel 
fuel available for farm use was an idea that came out of 
a National Biodiesel Board (NBB) research committee 

=== PAGE 276 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   276
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
meeting.” Until recently, soydiesel has been marketed only 
to “mass-transit bus systems, underground mines and for 
marine uses to reduce exhaust emissions.”
 SoyGold will be promoted and marketed through 
Farmland Industries fuel distributors in seven states, in 
cooperation with Ag Environmental Products and the NBB.
 “SoyGold was developed ﬁ  ve years ago” [sic] by Ag 
Processing Inc. of Omaha, Nebraska. Jeff Horvath is the 
chief executive ofﬁ cer of the (NBB).
 Note: This is the 2nd earliest English-language 
document seen (Nov. 2017) that contains the word 
“SoyGold,” a brand name owned by AGP.
812. Haumann, Barbara Fitch. 1997. Soy protein foods gain 
store space. INFORM (AOCS) 8(6):588-596. June.
• Summary: Contents: Introduction. Nutritional drive. 
Meat alternatives. Soymilk and tofu markets. Soybeans 
as vegetables. Emerging products. Products consumers 
want. Hurdles. Possible health claim? (“there have been 
discussions by soy interests of pursuing a health claim [from 
the FDA] on food labels”). School lunch opportunities 
(federal school lunch program). Product promotion. 
Nutraceuticals.
 Soy protein foods sold in supermarkets are no longer 
targeted at only vegetarians; they’re becoming mainstream 
products. Many U.S. consumers are decreasing their 
consumption of meat. USDA food intake surveys show that 
from 1977 to 1994 per capita beef consumption decreased 
54% and pork consumption dropped 45%.
 The leader in meat alternatives is Worthington Foods, 
which has seen sales rise approximately 20% in each of the 
past 3 years. Its Morningstar Farms brand, sold in frozen 
food sections in supermarkets and geared for mainstream 
consumers, represents 75% of the company’s offerings.
 PMS Foods, Inc. in Hutchinson, Kansas, is among the 
companies that make meat alternatives, including soy-based 
beef, chicken, ham, pepperoni, bacon, sausage-ﬂ avored 
crumble, sloppy joe mix, soy-based taco mix, and soy-based 
chili mix–which it sells wholesale, primarily to foodservice 
operations. Some of its products are used as ingredients in 
supermarket products–such as bacon bits and salad dressing 
mixes.
 Steve Demos, founder and president of White Wave, 
jokes: “We’re primarily a dairy without a cow. We ‘milk’ 
soybeans. Founded in 1977, the company now sells 54 retail 
products and produces about 125 tons a week of soy proteins 
via aqueous extraction. White Wave has up to 30 linear 
feet in the refrigerated sections in some natural food stores. 
White Wave has experienced 25-30% sales increases per year 
over the past decade.
 The Soy Protein Council in Washington, DC, now has 3 
members: ADM, Cargill Inc., and Central Soya; all produce 
soy protein concentrates, isolates, and soy ﬂ ours. The council 
promotes the growth of the soy protein industry and works 
to broaden the acceptance of soy products in foods. The 
council’s Web site is http://www.spcouncil.org.
 Fourteen state soybean boards, the United Soybean 
Board, and the Soy Protein Council gave joined together to 
form the “Soy Protein Partnership,” whose goal is to promote 
domestic soy protein use in human foods. Seven members of 
the partnership–the state soybean boards from Indiana, Iowa, 
Kansas, Michigan, Nebraska, Ohio, and South Dakota–are 
providing $270,000 to fund the partnership’s ﬁ rst project, 
a “Food Manufacturer’s Initiative.” The group in using the 
slogan “New Food, New Uses: How soy protein can expand 
your business, to reach food marketing executives and food 
technologists and to increase their awareness of the demand 
for soy products and their use in food products.
 Surveys by Wiese Research Associates have shown that 
consumer awareness concerning soy protein increased from 
55% of consumers polled in 1991 to 79% in 1996. Likewise, 
those saying they wee likely to purchase a product if they 
knew it contained soy protein increased from 20% in 1988 to 
32% in 1996.
 In addition, a national Gallup survey conducted in 1996 
for the Nebraska Soybean Board showed that 56% of the 
600 school foodservice directors polled currently use soy 
products. And studies by the National Restaurant Association 
indicate that 97% if colleges and universities and 80% of 
restaurants have incorporated meatless entrees into their 
daily menus.
 Schouten USA Inc. of Minnesota, whose parent 
company is the Schouten Group in the Netherlands, 
manufactures SoyLife, a soybean [sprout] extract containing 
25-30 mg of isoﬂ avones per gram. According to Laurent 
Leduc, Schouten USA’s international marketing manager, it 
is presently used as an ingredient by more than 40 different 
vitamin and supplement companies as a source of isoﬂ avones 
in their products, and is being incorporated into “functional 
foods” around the world. Leduc notes that research has 
indicated that consuming 60-80 mg of isoﬂ avones a day may 
provide health beneﬁ ts. He adds: “The only other way to get 
that much is by eating 8-9 ounces of tofu or drinking two-
thirds of a liter of soymilk a day. The average American is 
not going to do that.”
 William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center “said it currently 
is no longer usual to ﬁ eld questions from consumers 
in Midwestern states who would like to know how to 
incorporate soy as part of their diets to lower cholesterol.
 “’I credit much of this to the state soybean checkoff 
boards that are promoting interest in soyfoods, particularly 
in the heartland. This is changing the demographics for the 
market throughout the United States. Within the past two 
years, these boards have collectively become the single 
biggest force promoting soyfoods in America.’” Address: 
Senior editor/writer for INFORM.
813. Campbell, John. 1997. Re: Biodiesel legislative history. 

=== PAGE 277 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   277
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Letter to Jeff Horvath (NBB), Russ Teal (NOPEC), Gene 
Gebolys (Twin Rivers Technology), July 11. 1 p. Typed on 
“AGP Memorandum” letterhead.
• Summary: This is a cover letter: “Per your request, I am 
forwarding copies of some biodiesel legislative history 
along with a recent memo to Trevor Gunthmiller (with the 
American Coalition for Ethanol)” [dated 7 May 1997], which 
see. Address: [AGP, Omaha, Nebraska].
814. Ritchason, Shelly. 1997. SoyGold fuel additive adds 
value for soybean producers. Farmland System News 
(Kansas City, Missouri) 65(6):13. June/July.
• Summary: The Farmland Cooperative System is 
promoting a new industrial soy product–”SoyGold, a 
soybean-based lubricity additive for diesel fuel. SoyGold 
is a methyl-esters component of diesel fuel derived from 
100 percent virgin soybean oil. Produced and marketed 
through AG Environmental Products (AEP), a subsidiary of 
AgProcessing, Inc. (AGP), SoyGold works with #1 and #2 
diesel fuel to lubricate the engines of farm equipment and 
minimize costly repairs and down time.”
 “Freemen Cooperative Oil Company, Freemen, South 
Dakota, was the ﬁ rst cooperative in the System and in the US 
to offer SoyGold for on-farm and commercial use.”
 “The Firth Cooperative in Firth, Nebraska, also began 
offering SoyGold in March.”
815. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 1997. AGP announces 
new soybean processing plant! Aug. p. 1.
• Summary: “The Ag Processing Inc (AGP) Board of 
Directors approved the construction of a new soybean 
processing plant. The plant will be built in Hastings, 
Nebraska subject to ﬁ nal negotiations.
 “The central Nebraska location was selected for a 
number of reasons including the continued expansion of 
soybean production in the area. Also, the location ﬁ ts well 
into AGP’s multi-plant operation and management system.
 “The design phase of the project will begin immediately 
with construction to start in the near future. This new 
addition to AGP’s soybean processing capacity will further 
strengthen the commitment to AGP’s member cooperatives 
and their farmer-owners by enhancing the income of soybean 
producers in the area.”
816. National Oilseed Processors Association. 1997. 
Yearbook and trading rules 1997-1998. Washington, DC. [iv] 
+ 127 + 11 p. No index. 23 cm.
• Summary: On the cover (but not the title page) is written: 
Effective August 1, 1997. Contents: Constitution and by-
laws. Ofﬁ cers and directors. Executive ofﬁ ce. Members. 
Standing committees. Trading rules on soybean meal. 
Appendix to trading rules on soybean meal: Ofﬁ cial methods 
of analysis (moisture, protein, crude ﬁ ber, oil {only method 
numbers listed}), sampling of soybean meal {at origin} 
(automatic mechanic sampler, pneumatic probe sampler, 
probe sampler), sampling of soybean meal (at barge loading 
transfer facilities), ofﬁ cial weighmaster application, semi-
annual scale report, certiﬁ cation of installation of automatic 
sampler & mechanical divider (at origin), semi-annual 
certiﬁ cation of automatic sampler & mechanical divider (at 
origin), voluntary checklist for semi-annual certiﬁ cation of 
sampler & divider (at origin), certiﬁ cation of installation of 
automatic sampler & mechanical divider (at barge loading 
transfer facility), semi-annual certiﬁ cation of automatic 
sampler & mechanical divider (at barge loading transfer 
facility), voluntary checklist for semi-annual certiﬁ cation 
of sampler & divider (at barge loading transfer facility), 
ofﬁ cial referee laboratories (meal), ofﬁ cial NOPA soybean 
meal sample bag. Soybean meal export trading rules: 
Minimum blending procedures for export meal blended 
at ports, sampling of soybean meal (at vessel loading 
facilities), weighing of soybean meal (at vessel loading 
facilities), certiﬁ cation of installation of automatic sampler & 
mechanical divider (at vessel loading facility), semi-annual 
certiﬁ cation of automatic sampler & mechanical divider (at 
vessel loading facility), semi-annual certiﬁ cation of scales at 
vessel loading facilities. Trading rules on soybean oil. Sales 
contract. Deﬁ nitions of grade and quality of export oils. 
Soybean lecithin speciﬁ cations. Appendix to trading rules on 
soybean oil: Inspection, grading soybean oil for color (NOPA 
tentative method), methods of analysis (A.O.C.S. ofﬁ cial 
methods): Soybean oil, crude; soybean oil, reﬁ ned; 
soybean 
oil, reﬁ ned and bleached; soybean oil for technical uses 
(iodine value, unsaponiﬁ able, break test); reﬁ ning byproduct 
lipid, acidulated (reﬁ ning byproduct lipid and tank bottoms), 
ofﬁ cial weighmaster application, semi-annual scale report, 
ofﬁ cial referee chemists (oil). Soybean oil export trading 
rules. Uniform soybean oil export contract. Foreign trade 
deﬁ nitions (for information purposes only) Appendix 1.
 The section on of ﬁ cers, executive committee, and board 
of directors (p. 7-8) gives the name, company afﬁ liation, 
and phone number of each person. Ofﬁ cers (executive 
committee)–Chairman: William B. Campbell, Central Soya 
Company, Inc. Chairman-elect: Richard Galloway, Quincy 
Soybean Company. Secretary / Treasurer: Albert J. Ambrose, 
Harvest States / Honeymead Processing and Reﬁ ning. 
Immediate past chairman: John A. Burritt, Ag Processing Inc 
a cooperative.
 Executive staff: President: Sheldon J. Hauck. Executive 
vice president: Alen F. Johnson.
 Board of directors (alphabetically by company; each 
member company may have up to two representatives 
on the board; only the ﬁ rst of these may vote): James W. 
Lindsay & John A. Burritt, Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 
John G. Reed, Jr. & John D. McNamara, Archer Daniels 
Midland Co. Archie Gwathmey & Charles Bussey, Bunge 
Corporation. Wayne Teddy & John March, Cargill, Inc. 
William B. Campbell & Carl Hausmann, Central Soya 

=== PAGE 278 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   278
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Co., Inc. James D. Tibbets & Al Ambrose, Harvest States 
/ Honeymead Processing and Reﬁ ning. Patrick E. Wright 
& Henry E. O’Bryan Owensboro Grain Co., Inc. Richard 
L. Wiley & L. Weldon Sander, Perdue Farms, Inc. Richard 
Galloway & Larry Horn, Quincy Soybean Co. Gerard A. 
Delatte & Richard E. Bell, Riceland Foods, Inc. Thomas 
L. Harper, Southern Soya Corp. Rodney Christianson & 
David Thompson, South Dakota Soybean Processors, D. 
Daryl Houghton & George C. White, Townsends, Inc. Cliff 
Meeuwsen & Arlen Meeuwsen, Zealand Farm Soya.
 Executive of ﬁ ce, Washington, DC: President, Sheldon J. 
Hauck (Email: shauck@nopa.org). Executive vice president: 
Allen F. Johnson. Director of regulatory affairs: David C. 
Allor. Executive asst.: Hady J. Nash. General counsel: Elroy 
H. Wolff, Sidley & Austin. Special consultant: C. Lockwood 
Marine, Ft. Wayne, Indiana.
 Members (listed alphabetically by company; within 
each company, ﬁ rst the name of the ofﬁ cial Association 
representative {who is on the Board and votes}, followed 
by the other personal members listed alphabetically by 
surname. For example, Archer Daniels Midland Co., the 
company with the most personal members, has 34. After the 
name of each personal member is given with his address and 
phone number. In the listing below, the number of personal 
members is shown in parentheses after the name of each 
company, followed by city and state of the various locations): 
Ag Processing Inc a cooperative (25); Eagle Grove, Iowa; 
Manning, Iowa; Mason City, Iowa; Sergeant Bluff, Iowa; 
Sheldon, Iowa; Dawson, Minnesota; St. Joseph, Missouri. 
Omaha, Nebraska. Archer Daniels Midland Co. (23); Archer 
Daniels Midland Co. (34); Little Rock, Arkansas; Augusta, 
Georgia; Valdosta, Georgia; Decatur, Illinois; Galesburg, 
Illinois; Granite City, Illinois; Taylorville, Illinois; Frankfort, 
Indiana; Des Moines, Iowa; Fredonia, Kansas; Destrehan, 
Louisiana; Mankato, Minnesota; Red Wing, Minnesota; 
Kansas City, Missouri; Mexico, Missouri; Clarksdale, 
Mississippi; Fremont, Nebraska; Lincoln, Nebraska; 
Fostoria, Ohio; Kershaw, South Carolina; Memphis, 
Tennessee. Bunge Corp. (16); Decatur, Alabama; Cairo, 
Illinois; Danville, Illinois; Emporia, Kansas; Destrehan, 
Louisiana; St. Marks, Mississippi; Vicksburg, Mississippi; 
St. Louis, Missouri. Cargill, Inc. (19); Guntersville, Alabama 
Osceola, Arkansas; Gainesville, Georgia; Lafayette, Indiana; 
Cedar Rapids, Iowa; Des Moines, Iowa; Iowa Falls, Iowa; 
Sioux City, Iowa; Washington, Iowa; Bloomington, Illinois; 
Chicago, Illinois; Wichita, Kansas; Burnsville, Minnesota; 
Minneapolis, Minnesota; South Savage, Minnesota; 
Wayzata, Minnesota; Kansas City, Missouri; Fayetteville, 
North Carolina; Raleigh, North Carolina; Sidney, Ohio; 
Memphis, Tennessee; Chesapeake, Virginia. Central Soya 
Co., Inc. (11); Gibson City, Illinois; Decatur, Indiana; Fort 
Wayne, Indiana; Indianapolis, Indiana; Belmond, Iowa; 
Bellevue, Ohio; Marion, Ohio; Delphos, Ohio; Chattanooga, 
Tennessee. Harvest States / Honeymead Processing and 
Reﬁ ning. (5); Mankato, Minnesota. Owensboro Grain 
Co., Inc. (4); Owensboro, Kentucky. Perdue Farms, Inc. 
(4); Salisbury, Maryland; Coﬁ eld, North Carolina. Quincy 
Soybean Co. (4); Helena, Arkansas, Quincy, Illinois. 
Riceland Foods, Inc. (5); Stuttgart, Arkansas. South Dakota 
Soybean Processors (3); V olga, South Dakota. Southern 
Soya Corp. (2); Estill, South Carolina. Townsend’s Inc. 
(2); Millsboro, Delaware. Zealand Farm Soya (3); Zealand, 
Michigan.
 Associate Members: AC Humco, Memphis, Tennessee. 
ADM Agri-Industries Ltd., Windsor, Ontario, Canada. Alfred 
C. Toepfer International, Inc., Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
Amber, Inc., Tarrytown, New York. C&T Quincy, Richmond, 
Virginia. CanAmera Foods, Oakville, Ontario, Canada. 
Columbia Grain & Ingredients, Inc., Wellborn, Florida. 
Commodity Specialists Company, Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
Con Agra Poultry Co., El Dorado, Arkansas. Continental 
Grain Co., Chicago, Illinois. ContiQuincyBunge, New York 
City, New York. Garnac Grain Co., Overland Park, Kansas. 
Hunt-Wesson, Inc., Fullerton, California. Iowa Select Farms, 
Iowa Falls, Iowa. Lipton, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey. 
Louis Dreyfus, Wilton, Connecticut. Noga Commodities 
(Overseas), Inc., New York City. Oleostates, Inc., Tucson, 
Arizona. Pilgrim’s Pride Corp., Pittsburg, Texas. Procter 
& Gamble Co., Cincinnati, Ohio. Schouten USA Inc., 
Minneapolis, Minnesota.
 Standing committees: For each committee, the function 
of the committee, the names of all members (with the 
chairman designated), with the company and company 
address of each are given–Crusher committees: Canola, 
ﬂ axseed, safﬂ ower seed, sunﬂ ower seed. International trade 
committee. Government and public relations committee. 
Industry and grower relations committee. Soybean 
meal trading rules committee. Soybean oil trading rules 
committee. Technical, research, environmental, and safety, 
health, and loss prevention (TESH) committee. Technical. 
Address: 1255 Twenty-Third St., N.W., Washington, DC 
20037. Phone: 202/452-8040. Fax: 202/835-0400.
817. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 1997. Grand opening. 
Soy processing plant. Emmetsburg, Iowa. Sept. Back cover.
• Summary: “AGP–Ag Processing Inc. Sept. 17, 1997. 
Program and ribbon cutting ceremony. 1:30 p.m.”
818. Ontario Soybean Growers’ Marketing Board Newsletter. 
1997. Proﬁ le: ADM. Sept. p. 15.
• Summary: In 1997 ADM was successful in acquiring up 
to 45% interest in United Grain Growers (UGG), Canada’s 
largest farm co-op. Martin Andreas, Senior Vice President 
at ADM’s headquarters in Decatur, Illinois, says that ADM 
plans further investments in Canada. The company already 
has 10 ﬂ our mills there, in addition to its soybean and canola 
business, and now its association with UGG.
 Ontario soybean growers are most familiar with ADM 

=== PAGE 279 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   279
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
through its Windsor elevator and crush complex, and through 
its elevators in the southwest, including elevators at Essex 
and Maidstone. While the company does not disclose its 
crush volumes, industry watchers estimate that ADM is 
processing approximately 25 million bushels of oilseeds 
a year at its recently expanded and modernized plant in 
Windsor, Ontario.
 “Windsor’s two extraction plants can crush either 
soybeans or canola, and it makes little difference in terms of 
plant operation whether the soybeans are grown in Ontario or 
the U.S.”
 “ADM is more closely allied to farmers and elevators 
than its competitors. Andreas agrees. ‘In the U.S. alone, we 
need 9.5 million bushels of grains and oilseeds a day to meet 
our processing and export requirements,’ he explains. ‘We 
must be closely allied with the people who are the producers 
of our raw materials.’”
 “ADM’s recent investment in Saskatchewan-based UGG 
reﬂ ects its policy around the world. ADM has agreements in 
place in the U.S. with the 175,000-member Growmark co-op, 
as well as with Countrymark and Riceland. It also has a one-
third interest in the peanut co-op, Golden Peanut.”
 “Internationally, ADM has a 50 percent equity position 
in Europe’s A.C. Toepfer, which with 2.5 million members, 
is the largest farm cooperative in the world.” Address: Box 
1199, Chatham, ONT, Canada N7M 5L8.
819. Ritchason, Shelly. 1997. History of Farmland Industries 
and its work with soybeans (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. 
Oct. 4. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Shelly is a relative newcomer to Farmland 
so she does not know much about its history. Farmland’s 
“historian” is Bernie Sanders (Phone: 816-459-6282) who 
is also Senior Vice President. The expert on the history of 
Farmland’s involvement with soybeans is Ed Connor (Phone 
816-459-4064). Ed says that Farmland ﬁ rst got involved with 
soybeans in 1992–when there was a major diversiﬁ cation. Ed 
is now commodity manager, but he used to deal exclusively 
with soybeans. Farmland’s primary soybean market is 
Mexico–where exports have been growing rapidly. His ofﬁ ce 
is in the nearby Grain Building, in Kansas City, Missouri. 
“He invited you to call.”
 For a good book on the history of Farmland see 
“Beyond the Fence Rows: A History of Farmland Industries, 
Inc., 1929-78,” by Gilbert C. Fite (Published in 1978 by 
University of Missouri Press, Columbia and London). 
Address: Corporate Communications, Farmland Industries 
Inc., P.O. Box 7305, Kansas City, Missouri 64108. Phone: 
1-800-821-8000 X-5182.
820. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Emmetsburg, Iowa.
Date of Introduction:  1997 October.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  AGP Annual report. 1996. 
“Also, AGP began construction of a new soybean crushing 
plant at Emmetsburg, Iowa.” It is the ﬁ rst new soybean 
processing plant built in the Company’s history. It is slated 
for opening by the harvest of 1997 (p. 4, 8).
 AGP Annual report. 1997. The new soybean processing 
plant at Emmetsburg, Iowa, began operating in Oct. 1997 (p. 
4).
821. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1997. Annual 
report: Partners in food production. 12700 West Dodge Road, 
P.O. Box 2047, Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. 32 + [4] p. 28 
cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 1997 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$2,948.168 million, up 6.7% from $2,764.549 million in 
1996. Net earnings before income taxes: $40.449 million, 
down 28.1% from the $56.221 million in 1996.
 “Business philosophy: AGP is a partner with the 
greatest people on earth.” The stockholders of AGP are its 
customers. Today the company: “Processes over 15,000 acres 
of soybeans every day. Is the largest cooperative soybean 
processing company in the world. Has a storage capacity of 
over 15 million bushels of grain. Is the third largest supplier 
of vegetable oil in the United States. Is the third largest 
commercial feed manufacturer [for livestock and poultry] in 
North America.”
 AGP operates under strategic principles. “Among these 
principles are: Maintain a strong emphasis on the core 
business without risking survival on new ventures. Maintain 
proﬁ table growth and competitive size, and operate under 
ﬁ nancially sound principles.
 “Pursuit of AGP’s strategic direction requires substantial 
capital investment; this is the nature of our industry. You 
will notice... that capital expenditures were $59.8 million in 
ﬁ scal 1996 and another $59.8 million in ﬁ scal 1997. Often 
members ask... ‘Who is paying for AGP’s various capital 
projects?’ The answer is always the same. The members 
of AGP pay for everything through use of their retained 
patronage and retained earnings. The Board of Directors and 
Management are charged with investing this money wisely.”
 “The new methyl ester re ﬁ nery, located at the Sergeant 
Bluff, Iowa plant, represents a commitment to this 
opportunity for expanded uses of soybean oil” (p. 4).
 The new soybean processing plant at Emmetsburg, 
Iowa, began operating in Oct. 1997. In addition, AGP began 
“construction of a new soybean processing plant in Hastings, 
Nebraska,” and of “a new vegetable oil reﬁ nery at the Eagle 
Grove, Iowa, soybean plant.”
 In ﬁ scal year 1997 “AGP’s vegetable oil reﬁ neries 
processed 1.5 billion pounds of crude oil.”
 Industrial products (p. 26): AGP now produces methyl 

=== PAGE 280 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   280
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
ester at its soybean processing plant in Sergeant Bluff, 
Iowa; it is “the product remaining after glycerin (a food 
and cosmetic ingredient) is removed from soybean oil.” 
“’SoyGold’ is the ﬂ agship label [brand] of AGP’s line of 
methyl ester products.” “Five SoyGold Marine fuel docks 
were opened in the largest sailboating areas of California... 
SoyGold Marine may be blended with diesel fuel or used as 
a diesel fuel replacement, providing a cleaner-burning fuel 
for all types of diesel-powered vessels. It is nontoxic and 
biodegradable, it will not kill ﬁ sh or wildlife, and it creates 
little smoke or odor.”
 The “EPA has targeted chlorinated solvents for phase-
out... The AGP challenge this ﬁ scal year was to raise market 
awareness of SoyGold Multi-Purpose Industrial Solvents 
quickly enough to capture share.”
 “Adjuvants. One of the biggest markets in the Midwest 
is for agricultural spray adjuvants.” Crop Oil is the generic 
name for a widely used adjuvant whose name is misleading; 
it is not made from a crop at all, but is petroleum based. 
Methylated Seed Oil (MSO) is the generic name for methyl 
ester adjuvants, which are derived from soybean oil–a fact 
that many farmers do not know. “Because soybean farmers 
have a vested interest in using soybean products, it is 
important that they understand the nature of their adjuvant 
choices.” AGP is working to educate farmers and retailers, 
and to create alliances with retailers to sell AGP’s branded 
products.
 International business: AGP Hungary, Ltd., is a joint 
venture between AGP and eight Hungarian cooperatives, 
established in ﬁ scal 1996. It “manufactures premixes, 
concentrates, and high-energy complete feeds... Hungary 
will continue to become a strong market for AGP soybean 
meal and feed products.” Color photos show: (1) A combine 
harvesting soybeans, with a huge soybean processing facility 
in the background under a big blue sky. (2) A spectacular 
ﬁ eld of soybeans. (3) Lindsay and Knobbe. Overhead 
view of chickens feeding at a round feeder. (4) A long, 
silvery tanker with the Soyasign and “Soyoil: America’s #1 
vegetable oil” on one side. (5) Green AGP railcars. (6) The 
board of directors. (7). Top corporate management. Address: 
Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: (402) 496-7809.
822. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 1997. AGP’s 
Emmetsburg grand opening huge success! New soybean 
processing plant attracts 1600 at opening ceremonies. Oct. p. 
1.
• Summary: “Grand Opening ceremonies for AGP’s new 
soy processing plant at Emmetsburg, Iowa were held on 
September 17, 1997. ‘I haven’t seen a ﬁ ner built-from-
the-ground facility,’ commented Dave Lyons, Director 
of the Iowa Department of Economic Development, who 
served as keynote speaker at the Grand Opening program. 
His view was shared by many who toured the facility. The 
plant will begin full operations in mid-October, processing 
approximately 60,000 bushels per day.”
823. Magruder, Marti. 1997. 75 years of the cooperative 
spirit. Farmland System News (Kansas City, Missouri) 
65(10):9. Oct.
• Summary: 1997 marks the 75th Anniversary of the Capper-
V olstead Act, the cornerstone of U.S. cooperative legislation. 
President Warren G. Harding signed the bill into law in 1922, 
creating new opportunities for the formation of cooperatives 
across America.
824. Richardson, Ralph M.; Adams, C.C.; DeVille, K.C.; 
Penn, J.E.; Kraenzle, C.A. 1997. Farmer cooperative 
statistics, 1996. USDA Rural Business/Cooperative Service, 
RBS Service Report No. 53. 51 p. Oct.
• Summary: The table of contents is the same as last year. 
Contains 23 tables, 2 Appendix tables, 16 ﬁ gures (mostly 
graphs and pie charts), and 10 Appendix ﬁ gures. Total net 
income of $2.25 billion was down 4.7% from the record 
$2.36 billion reported in 1995. The 1996 net income included 
intercooperative dividends and refunds of $711.9 million–up 
30.9% over 1995. The number of cooperatives decreased 
by 122 from 4,006 in 1995 to 3,884 in 1996. Memberships 
decreased by 103,711 from 3,767,295 in 1995 to 3,663,584 
in 1996. Address: Statistics and Technical Services Staff, 
Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Development, 
U.S. Dep. of Agriculture, STOP 3256, Washington, DC 
20250-3256.
825. Ritchason, Shelly. 1997. Farmland’s original mission 
rolls into the 21st century: Meeting producer-owner needs 
still tops the cooperative’s list. Farmland System News 
(Kansas City, Missouri) 65(10):8-9. Oct.
• Summary: Farmland Industries was founded in 1929 as the 
Union Oil Company (Cooperative) when six farmer-owned 
cooperatives joined forces to buy and distribute petroleum 
products. The founder, Howard Cowden, wanted to increase 
producers’ bargaining and purchasing power in a rapidly-
growing petroleum market. The ﬁ rst slogan was “Our proﬁ ts 
are your dividends.” An old black-and-white photo shows 
the original location with large petroleum tanks. A color 
photo shows Farmland’s headquarters, with its sky, cloud, 
and land logo, below which is written “Proud to be farmer 
owned.” “Today, Farmland Industries Inc. is owned by more 
than 1,400 farmer-cooperative associations which, in turn are 
owned by about half a million farmers and ranchers across 
the United States, Canada, and Mexico, and 13,000 pork and 
beef producers who own the North American co-op directly.”
826. Upbin, Bruce. 1997. Vindication: A year ago the 
news was ﬁ lled with scandal stories about Archer-Daniels-
Midland. A classic case of media overreaction. Forbes. Nov. 
17. p. 52-53, 56.
• Summary: A pie chart (p. 56) shows the market shares 

=== PAGE 281 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   281
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
of major U.S. soybean crushers: ADM 31%, Cargill 24%, 
Bunge 13%, AGP 10%, Central Soya 7%, Others 15%. Other 
pie charts show that ADM is also the single largest cocoa 
processor, grain miller, and high fructose corn syrup maker 
in the U.S.
 A graph, titled “ADM’s spending spree,” shows gross 
additions to plant from 1988-1997. Spending hit $1 billion in 
1997.
 ADM is spending its money in the areas where its 
growth is greatest–in emerging markets–such as China, 
which will become the world’s 4th largest soybean importer 
by the end of next year, projected to import about 2.7 million 
tons of soybeans and 3.4 million tons of soybean meal. 
The more meat and poultry the Chinese consume, the more 
soybeans they will need.
 A large color photo shows Allen Andreas, standing in 
a corn ﬁ eld, dressed in coat and tie, waving 3 ears of corn 
and smiling. He notes that China has no chance of being self 
sufﬁ cient in soybeans.
 In Sept. 1997, ADM swapped $300 million of its stock 
for Moorman Manufacturing Co., a soybean processor in 
Quincy, Illinois, with $1.2 billion in annual sales. This is 
ADM’s ﬁ rst soybean crushing plant on the Mississippi 
River. It costs only $2 per ton to ship soybean meal by barge 
from Quincy to St. Louis (Missouri) versus $6 per ton from 
ADM’s big plant in Decatur, Illinois, to St. Louis.
 ADM stock has rebounded from a low of $13 in mid-
1995 to $24 at present.
827. Soybean Digest. 1997. 1998 New variety preview: 
Sponsored by Monsanto. Nov. p. 17-32.
• Summary: Page 18 begins like an article: “Roundup Ready 
is hot trend in new varieties: But yield is still top proﬁ t key, 
so consider all traits for 1998 selections,” by Syl Marking. 
The text begins with a half-page introduction, in which he 
repeats, “Final yield, with or without the Roundup Ready 
gene, is still the bottom line.”
 Yet nowhere are we given the yield of any soybean 
varieties. Nowhere are we told that this insert is an 
advertisement. Nowhere are varieties created by public / 
university breeders represented. Nowhere are we told that all 
or most of these varieties contain the Roundup Ready gene, 
licensed from Monsanto, and those varieties must be sprayed 
with Roundup herbicide made only by Monsanto.
 Given all these major omissions, the varieties that follow 
are organized by maturity group. Soybean Digest has limited 
each seed company to four entries. To give you an idea of 
what information is given, we will quote the ﬁ rst four entries 
in Group I (p. 19-20):
 “Gold Country Seed: GCS Raydor is a very early Group 
I featuring high yield potential, the Rps6 gene for PRR 
resistance and excellent lodging resistance. It has dominated 
its maturity class in company replicated tests since 1993. 
White mold and iron deﬁ ciency chlorosis tolerance are both 
rated above average. Protein, 34.7%; oil, 17.9%.
 “University of Minnesota: MN 1301, an early Group I 
about three days later than Lambert, has outyielded Lambert 
by about 5% in Minnesota and regional tests. It carries the 
Rps1 gene for PRR resistance and has good iron deﬁ ciency 
chlorosis resistance. Of average height and normal plant 
canopy, it performs well in narrow rows. Protein, 37.2%; oil, 
17.3%.
 “Pioneer Hi-Bred International: 91B01, an early Group 
I, features the Rps1k gene for multirace PRR resistance and 
average tolerance to BSR and iron deﬁ ciency chlorosis. In 
company tests it outyielded 9091 by 3.8 bu/acre. Standability 
is rated very good; emergence, above average. It is adapted 
to a wide range of environments, but particularly where PRR 
is a problem. Protein, 35%; oil, 19%.
 “Latham Seed Co.: 150 is an early Group I that offers 
excellent stress tolerance, excellent emergence capability and 
high yield potential for its maturity class. It has very good 
tolerance to PRR and good standability. It is a medium-short 
and bushy plant type. No protein or oil data were available.”
 Other seed companies not mentioned above include: 
Cenex/Land O’Lakes, Novartis Seeds (formed from 
Northrup King and Ciba Seeds), Iowa State University, Garst 
Seed Co., Growmark, Golden Harvest, Dekalb Genetics, 
Cargill Hybrid Seeds, Stine Seed Co., Asgrow Seed Co., 
Terra Industries, etc.
828. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 1997. Who’s who? 
Dec. p. 3.
• Summary: “What Is the USB?
 “The United Soybean Board’s (USB) mission is to 
maximize the proﬁ tability of U.S. soybean producers 
by investing checkoff funds in research, promotion 
and communication projects, both domestically and 
internationally. USB is an unpaid, 59-member farmer 
board appointed by the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 
nominations from soybean producers within each state. 
This gives all soybean growers a voice in setting investment 
policies and direction for checkoff funds. Nationwide, 
the checkoff is 1/2 percent of the net farm sale price of 
soybeans. Fifty percent of the revenue stays in the state for 
the Qualiﬁ ed State Soybean Boards (QSSBs) and 50 percent 
is sent to the USB. USB is responsible for investing half of 
the soybean checkoff dollars in four main program areas: 
International Marketing, Domestic Marketing, New Uses and 
Production.
 “What are QSSB’S? Quali ﬁ ed State Soybean Boards 
(QSSB’s) are state-based organizations charged with 
allocating half of the total check-off collections. QSSB’s 
are comprised of soybean farmers who are voted to a 
Director position by that state’s soybean farmers. The 
number of Directors varies from state to state. In Nebraska, 
for example, there are 9 directors; 8 are elected from eight 
districts and one is elected at-large.

=== PAGE 282 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   282
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “What is the ASA?
 “ASA is a national, not-for-pro ﬁ t, grassroots 
membership dues organization that develops and implements 
policies to increase the proﬁ tability of its members and the 
entire soybean industry. ASA is the contractor selected by 
USB to promote international consumption of soybeans and 
soybean products. ASA is also the voice of soybean farmers 
in Washington, D.C. (see state membership list on Page 9).
 “What Are State Soybean Associations?
 “State soybean associations are grassroots membership 
organizations who work on behalf of soybean growers. 
Farmer-members of state soybean associations are also 
members of the American Soybean Association by virtue of 
one united dues structure.”
829. Duffey, Patrick. 1997. The power of cooperation: 
Members and rural communities beneﬁ t from AGP 
operations. Rural Cooperatives. Nov/Dec. p. 22-25.
• Summary: AGP, a cooperative based in Omaha, Nebraska, 
“is helping to boost the overall economy in the rural 
Midwest. AGP has become a classic example of the power 
of cooperation, with sales that topped $2.9 billion for ﬁ scal 
1997 and net earnings (before taxes) of $40.4 million. That’s 
up from total sales of $896 million and net earnings of $4 
million in its ﬁ rst year of operation [1983]. During its 14-
year history, AGP has returned nearly $240 million in cash 
patronage to its members.” In Oct. 1996 [sic, 1997] AGP’s 
new soybean crushing plant in Emmetsburg, Iowa, began 
operations, and now consumes 60,000 bushels of soybeans 
a day, the equivalent of 1,500 acres of soybeans daily. It has 
just completed a soy oil reﬁ nery in Eagle Grove, Iowa, and 
is in the design phase of a new soybean processing plant in 
Hastings, Nebraska. “Today, its membership includes 302 
local and 12 regional cooperatives representing 300,000 
farmers from 16 states and Canada. ‘Partners in food 
production,’ is AGP’s motto.” AGP also exports grain and 
soybean meal to 20 foreign nations. Address: Information 
Specialist, USDA Rural Development.
830. Knudsen, Natalie S. 1997. Biodiesel fueling. Farm 
Industry News 30(14):72-73, 76. Dec.
• Summary: A photo shows a sort of credit card on which 
is written: “Special offer... SoyGold available here. 100% 
soybean based diesel fuel lubricity additive.”
831. Farmland Industries Inc. 1997. The Farmland 
cooperative system (Leaﬂ et). Kansas City, Missouri. 2 p. 28 
cm.
• Summary: Contents: Our mission. Who we are. Why we 
exist. What we do: History, we specialize in high-quality 
ag production, we link farmers to their ﬁ nal customers 
(especially through pork, beef and grain processing), we 
deliver value to our customers and to our farmer owners.
 History: “Farmland was founded in 1929 as the Union 
Oil Company (Cooperative) when six farmer-owned 
cooperatives joined forces to buy and distribute petroleum 
products. It expanded into other co-op products in the 
early 1930s, and, in 1936, changed its name to Consumer 
Cooperative Association (CCA). In 1938, CCA built its ﬁ rst 
reﬁ nery. By 1939, the Association had grown to include 
259 owner-cooperatives and was producing more than 200 
products. By the late 1950s, the company had become a 
powerful force in agriculture and responded to farmers’ 
demands for more herbicides, insecticides and other 
chemicals by purchasing a chemical company in St. Joseph, 
Missouri. On Sept. 1, 1966, the Association changed its 
name to Farmland Industries, Inc. By its 50th anniversary in 
1979, it had become one of the nation’s largest farmer-owned 
cooperatives, with Farmland Foods (its pork processing 
subsidiary) emerging as one of the nation’s leading meat 
companies. In 1992, Farmland expanded its business into 
grain and beef and today continues to be a leading supplier 
of quality ag-based supply and consumer products. Its major 
business liners include Crop Production, Feed, Petroleum, 
Information, Grain, Pork and Beef.” Address: 3315 Farmland 
Trafﬁ cway (P.O. Box 7305), Kansas City, Missouri 64116-
0005. Phone: 1-800-821-8000.
832. Thompson, Keith. 1998. Breeding food-grade soybeans 
at Hartz Seed Co. (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. March 19. 
Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Hartz’s natto breeding program is one of the 
best models for developing food grade soybeans with what 
are increasingly called “quality traits.” Frank Orthoefer, a 
scientist with an MBA, is an expert in this ﬁ eld–especially in 
the area of proteins and oil. Frank used to work for Riceland 
Foods in Stuttgart, but now he works for Hartz / Monsanto. 
KeShun Liu was hired to work on tofu and natto. The 
work with tofu has not progressed well, but the work with 
natto has. From the Hartz viewpoint, Dr. Liu’s three most 
important areas of research are breeding soybeans: (1) for 
natto (which accounts for 30% of Hartz’s revenue), (2) that 
are high in saturated fat, allowing elimination or reduction 
of hydrogenation; and (3) that are high in total oil content. 
Address: Food and Export Manager, Hartz Seed, P.O. Box 
946, Stuttgart, Arkansas 72160. Phone: 800-932-7333.
833. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). 1998. Cooperatives 
announce merger. April 19. p. F6.
• Summary: Farmland Industries (based in Kansas City, 
Missouri) and Cenex Harvest States (based in St. Paul, 
Minnesota) “announced an agreement in principle to create a 
new energy alliance to serve the rural energy marketplace.”
 “Farmland Industries Inc. is the largest farmer-owned 
cooperative in North America and one of the top 200 
companies included in the Fortune 500.” In 1997 Farmland 
had sales of $9.1 billion and was active in all 50 states and 
80 nations.

=== PAGE 283 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   283
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “Founded in 1931, Cenex Inc. is a regional agricultural 
supply cooperative serving farmers, ranchers and rural 
communities in 16 states with a wide range of petroleum 
products and agricultural inputs.”
 Note: Talk with Bell Lester (expert on AGP history) 
of Omaha, Nebraska. 2007. Nov. 6. Harvest States was 
originally named Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association 
(GTA). When Harvest States became a member of AGP in 
1985, it did not merge with AGP; it kept its own identity 
and remained an independent regional cooperative, which 
sold soybeans to AGP and received a patronage refund from 
AGP. In 1998 when Harvest States merged with Cenex, Inc. 
to become Cenex Harvest States (CHS), the merged entity 
continued to be a member of AGP under the new name. 
Today, CHS is still a member of AGP; they still sell AGP 
their soybeans and they still get a patronage refund.
 In addition AGP has a very, very good working 
relationship with the old Honeymead Products Co. (in 
Mankato, Minnesota), which is part of the “soy division” of 
CHS. The “Honeymead” name (as on hopper cars, etc.) has 
gradually been changed to “CHS.”
 In April 2002 the Harvest States division of CHS 
Cooperatives broke ground at the construction site of its 
second soybean crushing facility just outside Fairmont, 
Minnesota. Production began in the fall of 2003. This plant 
was be able to crush more than 220,000 bushels/day of 
soybeans. This plant is a competitor of AGP.
 Honeymead has a big re ﬁ nery in Mankato. There were 
two main reasons that CHS built a soybean crushing plant 
at Fairmont: (1) To ensure a steady supply of soybean oil to 
their reﬁ nery in Mankato. And (2) For political reasons.
834. Biodiesel Report (NBB, Jefferson City, Missouri). 1998. 
Biodiesel stakes claim in premium diesel market. April. p. 2.
• Summary: “Soy Shield is marketed by Schaeffer 
Manufacturing Company, based in St. Louis [Missouri], 
through its 300 sales representatives nationwide. The 
company will target farmers with the product.” “Soy Shield 
is attractive to farmers for two important reasons... First, it 
allows farmers to use a product they helped produce. Second, 
it will help extend the engine life of their expensive farm 
equipment.
 “Schaeffer is promoting these product bene ﬁ ts for Soy 
Shield. It increases miles per gallon by 5 to 7 percent, cleans 
injectors, boosts cetane, provides superior soy lubricant and 
reduces exhaust emissions.” For best results, mix 1 gallon of 
Soy Shield with 500 gallons of diesel fuel in the storage tank.
 “Soy Guard, marketed by Archer Petroleum, Omaha, 
Nebraska, will also target the farm market.” Although 
similar, the two biodiesel-based fuel additives are different. 
“The differences are found in the proprietary additives in 
each.”
 “These two new fuel additives were developed with 
funding from the Minnesota Soybean & Research Promotion 
Council, with marketing agreements made with Schaeffer 
and Archer.” On behalf of NBB, Paul Nazzaro coordinated 
the development.
 Last fall, AGP introduced SoyGold.
835. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1998. Annual 
report: Partners in food production. 12700 West Dodge Road, 
P.O. Box 2047, Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. 32 + 19 p. 28 
cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 1998 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$2,615.077 million, down 8.9% from $2,948.168 million in 
1997. Net earnings before income taxes: $57.526 million, up 
42.21% from the $40.449 million in 1997.
 This year is AGP’s 15th anniversary; the annual report 
focuses on that big picture. Contents: Financial highlights. 
Philosophy. Letter to shareholders. Commitment. Expansion. 
Efﬁ ciency. Diversiﬁ cation. Innovation. Reliability. 
Processing food. Feed & swine. Grain. Value-added ventures. 
Quality. Business sites. Leadership. Ten-year ﬁ nancial 
summary. Financial review and analysis (p. F1 to F19).
 Innovation: “Methyl ester is another venture on the 
cusp of becoming a proﬁ t center. Produced through further 
processing of soybean oil, it is an ideal additive or alternative 
to diesel fuel. AGP markets this biodiesel under the 
tradename SoyGold, and biodiesel promises to replace more 
and more diesel fuel in environmentally sensitive areas.
 “Modiﬁ  ed, methyl ester is also being used as a solvent, 
cleaner and agricultural spray adjuvant. Additional uses 
of methyl ester–in products as diverse as cosmetics and 
explosives, for example–continue to be discovered. As the 
world moves from the chemical age into the biological age, 
natural compounds such as methyl ester will grow in both 
importance and value” (p. 14-15).
 Color photos show: (1) Lindsay and Leiting. (2) AGP 
Soy Flour being bagged in multiwall paper sacks. (3) Board 
of directors. (4) Top corporate management staff. Address: 
Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: (402) 496-7809.
836. Richardson, Ralph M.; Adams, C.C.; DeVille, K.C.; 
Penn, J.E.; Kraenzle, C.A. 1998. Farmer cooperative 
statistics, 1997. USDA Rural Business/Cooperative Service, 
RBS Service Report No. 56. v + 47 p. Dec. 28 cm.
• Summary: The table of contents is the same as last year. 
Contains 26 tables, 21 ﬁ gures (mostly graphs and pie charts), 
and 10 Appendix ﬁ gures.
 “The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) of 
USDA’s Rural Development considers four major criteria in 
identifying an organization as a farmer cooperative:” (See 
1994 report) Total net income of $2.31 billion was up 2.7% 
from $2.25 billion in 1996. Gross and net business volumes 
were near record highs.
 “The total number of marketing, farm supply, and 
related-service cooperatives declined 23.3% from 4,937 in 
1988 to 3,791 in 1997 (p. 27-28).

=== PAGE 284 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   284
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Fig. 14 (p. 29) shows the number of cooperatives 
removed from RBS’s list, 1988-1997. The four reasons for 
removal (in order or importance) are dissolution, merger 
and consolidation, acquisition, and other. The number of 
dissolutions was highest in 1990.
 Fig. 21 (p. 36) shows Cooperatives’ net worth and 
liabilities, 1988-97. Every year, liabilities are larger than net 
worth.
 Appendix Fig. 3 shows U.S. farms and farmer 
cooperative memberships, 1973-97. Both have been 
decreasing throughout this period. Address: U.S. Dep. 
of Agriculture, Rural Development, Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, STOP 3256, 1400 Independence Ave., 
S.W., Washington, DC 20250-3256.
837. Kennedy, Nicole; Scully, Patty. 1999. Gas explosion 
shakes plant: No injuries reported at Ag Processing Inc. St. 
Joseph News-Press (Missouri). Jan. 1. p. 1B.
• Summary: “An explosion at the Ag Processing Inc. plant 
in St. Joseph caused some damage at the plant but did not 
force any evacuations and did not injure any employees. The 
blast, apparently triggered by natural gas, occurred about 
12:25 p.m.” Although it did not spark a ﬁ re, ﬁ reﬁ ghters were 
on standby at the scene for about 4 hours. The explosion 
took place at the No. 2 gas plant of the edible oil reﬁ nery; it 
damaged a piece of equipment called an economizer.
 A map shows the location of the AGP plant on Lower 
Lake Road in St. Joseph. It is just south of the Missouri 
River and north of the stockyards. A large photo from ground 
level shows the site, with towering concrete silos in the 
foreground.
838. Gleaner and Journal (Henderson, Kentucky). 1999. 
Obituaries: Aloysius Ignatius Reisz Sr. Feb. 7. p. A2.
• Summary: Owensboro: Aloysius Ignatius Reisz Sr., died 
on 5 Feb. 1999 (Friday) in Lonoke, Arkansas, at age 84. “A 
retired soybean processing plant manager and farmer, he was 
a longtime manager of the Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative 
in Henderson [Kentucky]. He was also a former Henderson 
County farmer and was manager of the Farmland Industries 
Soybean Processing Plant in Van Buren, Arkansas.”
 He is survived by his wife, Susan Ward Reisz, three 
daughters, eight sons, two sisters, 21 grandchildren, and 
eight great-grandchildren.
 “Services will be at 10 a.m. Tuesday at St. Martin 
Catholic Church in Rome, Kentucky... Burial will be at 
Mater Dolorosa Cemetery in Owensboro.” Friends may call 
at the “James H. Davis Funeral Home in Owensboro, where 
a rosary service will be held at 6:30 p.m. Monday.”
839. Beyers, Jim. 1999. Work with ADM and Westward 
Industries, Inc. making textured soy protein (Interview). 
SoyaScan Notes. May 3. Conducted by William Shurtleff of 
Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: In 1969, when Jim graduated from Southern 
Illinois University, he was hired by ADM to work on 
extruding soy protein. He worked with Bill Atkinson, who 
was using an old vintage extruder to make TVP, which was 
used primarily for pet food. Jim was hired to do research 
on adding value to the pet food by making it ﬁ t for human 
consumption, and to diversify the product catalog to include 
meat analogs. They soon were testing beef, ham, and 
chicken ﬂ avors in different sizes, shapes, and colors. Before 
long they were experimenting with some “wild and crazy 
things” such as fruit replacements, vegetable replacement, 
and nut replacements–all with TVP. At the beginning, only 
Beyers and Atkinson were working on this project. This 
was before the settlement of the big patent dispute between 
ADM and Ralston Purina in 1970. That dispute grew out 
of the fact that Atkinson and Robert Boyer (both of whom 
once worked together for Henry Ford) both came up with 
the idea of extrusion at about the same time. Bill Atkinson 
was extruding 50% protein soy ﬂ our and Ralston apparently 
said they were extruding soy ﬂ our. Atkinson fortunately 
kept the little desktop extruder that he used to make his 
ﬁ rst trials; it made a little rope of TVP about the size of 
an ink pen reﬁ ll [about one-eighth inch in diameter]. “We 
reenacted those early experiments of his time and time again 
for the courts–to the point where we had miles of this little 
bitty TVP rope piled up.” Each company thought that it had 
invented the extrusion process ﬁ rst. “So they went to war 
with each other. They spent at least several hundred thousand 
dollars on attorney’s fees, until they ﬁ nally resolved it out 
of court. Swift and Staley were just standing on the side 
lines in the last half of the battle waiting for the judge to tell 
them who to pay the royalty checks to. Finally, the process 
patent was awarded to Ralston Purina and the product 
patent to ADM–which is kind of ludicrous. How can you 
have a process without a product, or a product without a 
process.” Ralston Purina went out to everyone they could 
ﬁ nd who was extruding a 50% soy protein product (for pet 
food or human food) and asked them to buy a license on the 
process; the license fees were quite high, because the life 
of the patent was half gone, so they decided to charge twice 
what they would have ordinarily charged. Ralston Purina 
made a great deal of money from PMS Foods in Hutchinson, 
Kansas. Swift paid the fees for a while, then stopped making 
the product. Cargill was a big manufacturer of a TVP-type 
product; they have a plant in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Jim does 
not know anything about the fees they paid. Ralston Purina 
itself never made much extruded soy using its patented 
process. Ralston had two extrusion lines in Memphis, 
Tennessee, for several years, making mostly human foods–
but they were never price competitive and the quality was 
not very good. ADM could have done the same thing, but 
they didn’t. Jim does not know why ADM didn’t pursue this.
 Today ADM is by far the world’s biggest manufacturer 
of extruded, textured soy ﬂ our. “ADM has an extrusion 

=== PAGE 285 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   285
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
capacity to generate the entire world’s supply of TVP. I 
know that for a fact because I put those extruders in place 
myself.” ADM runs on high volume and low margins. 
They won’t enter a ﬁ eld unless they can generate enough 
capacity to dominate. They streamline and automate the 
process until they are the low-cost producer. This has long 
been the philosophy of Jim Randall, the retired president. 
He was the engineer for ADM for many, many years. “The 
commodity mind-set has always been trainloads, truckloads, 
and shiploads. When I was at ADM we made one type of 
bacon bit, packed it in 50-pound boxes with ADM’s labels 
on it, sold it at 20,000 pounds minimum order. That was it.” 
Jim’s present company works on smaller volumes and higher 
margins. “We don’t want to compete with the commodity 
processors. We have a nice little specialty niche that ADM 
and Cargill can’t mess with. Generic bacon bits are becoming 
a commodity, but it is private labeling that keeps some of 
them in the specialty ﬁ eld. The big processors won’t put in a 
label room for 70 different private labels.”
 Jim worked for ADM in R&D for about ten years. He 
worked very closely with Bill Atkinson, a very bright man 
and an excellent inventor, but he also came on like a raging 
bull–a cantankerous man. “But he and I got along great! I 
never knew for sure why. I used to enjoy listening to him 
talking about Henry Ford and his years of work there with 
soy. At one time Ford thought people were being gouged 
[paying too much] for eye glasses. So he set up a bank of 
grinding machines, to crank out glasses for a nickel each.” 
Ford and ADM both liked to operate on the principle of high 
volume, low margin. In his Later years, Atkinson began to 
suffer from Alzheimer’s disease. But until just before he 
retired, his memory was crystal clear, with 100% total recall. 
In Jan. 1979 he left ADM and went to work for Westward 
Industries, where for the next 18 years he made bacon bits. 
Ken Towers was the original owner of Westward Industries; 
he and his researchers developed a lot of new technology for 
ﬂ avoring systems in-house. When he went to and helped to 
start Westward Industries, it would take any order from 50 
cases on up, and put the but the customer’s label on it if so 
desired. Initially Westward bought its TVP from ADM, then 
added its own ﬂ avoring system. Later, they bought a license 
to produce the TVP-type base then added their own unique 
ﬂ avors by their own system.
 In Jan. 1979 Westward Industries started making 
standard textured soy protein products in Kansas at 1819 S. 
Meridian, Wichita. Westward didn’t sell any products under 
its own brand; it was either sold in bulk to foodservice or 
private labeled for all the glass-packers in the country like 
John R. Sexton, Durkee Foods, R.T. French, McCormick, 
Safeway, CFS-Continental, Ponderosa Steak Houses, Pizza 
Hut–any company that sold bacon-bits in jars. “We were the 
largest processor of imitation bacon bits in North America, 
probably for about ten years.” The company still makes 
and sells these products. At one point, they got rid of the 
extruders and made rice crispies for 15 years.
 In about 1984 or 1985 Westward introduced the Soft and 
Chewy concept, with many of the old ﬂ avors, but a few new 
ones–such as Bacums. In late 1997 he bought Westward from 
its founder, Ken Towers, renamed it to Westwind Industries, 
and started his own production. He did not buy the corporate 
charter from Ken; rather he ﬁ led his own corporate charter, 
which required a new name. Westward Industries still 
exists, and Jim’s manufacturing plant is at a new location. 
The company makes two types of textured soy ﬂ our (crisp 
texture, and Soft and Chewy) and a line of nut replacements 
(Terra Nuts, which are pressure cooked, then dry roasted, and 
used to replace pecans and walnuts).
 Greg Caton is an interesting guy. He’s exuberant, 
energetic, and very innovative. He needs to stop, settle down 
for about ten minutes, and think things through just a little 
bit. Jim thinks Greg will take his business worldwide “when 
he ﬁ nally gets his focus on what he’s doing. This non-GMO 
is really a big thing in Europe these days; it’ll never make a 
splash here in the States. Greg believes that’s where his new-
found wealth will be.” Jim believes that GMO foods will 
not become widely accepted in the USA during our lifetime. 
“World-wide it’s really catching on, and I think later on it 
may be somewhat important. What’s more important now 
with soy is if you can process it hexane-free. Even though 
the residual hexane is in the parts per billion, there are 
enough folks around here that say ‘A little bit’s too much.’ 
I think that’ll get more mileage than whether it’s Roundup 
Ready or not. Anyway, those are foreign markets that Greg is 
looking at.” Address: Owner, Westwind Industries, Inc., 3930 
W. 29th St. South, Suite 55, Wichita, Kansas 67217. Phone: 
316-943-3212.
840. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). 1999. Farmland, Cenex 
Harvest States pursue uniﬁ cation. May 7. p. A3.
• Summary: Farmland Industries (based in Kansas City, 
Missouri) and Cenex Harvest States (based in St. Paul, 
Minnesota), both cooperatives, announced that “they will 
pursue uniﬁ cation to achieve greater growth, efﬁ ciencies, 
and economic value for the farmers and ranchers who own 
them.”
841. Ag Processing Inc. (AGP). 1999. Soybean grower. 
Soybean processor (Ad). Soybean Digest. June. p. 26-27.
• Summary: At the center of each page of this two-page 
color ad is a portrait of a middle-aged farmer, wearing 
glasses and a hat, with a sunset in the background. Each 
photo has an orange border. Under the photo on the left is 
written “Soybean grower,” while under the one on the right 
is written “Soybean processor.” The background page on the 
left is all black, whereas that on the right is all white.
 The text on the right page reads: “AGP is the largest 
farmer-owned soybean processing cooperative in the world. 
AGP is also one of the four largest soybean crushing systems 

=== PAGE 286 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   286
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
and one of the three largest soybean oil reﬁ ners.
 “AGP buys soybeans from its owners–over 280 
cooperatives–and it processes over 15,000 acres of soybeans 
every day. AGP markets soybean meal, soy oil and value-
added products around the world. AGP Grain Cooperative 
markets grains domestically and internationally.
 “Ask your local cooperative about AGP or visit us at 
www.agp.com.”
842. Product Name:  Soybean Oil, and Soybean Oil Meal.
Manufacturer’s Name:  Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP).
Manufacturer’s Address:  Hastings, Nebraska.
Date of Introduction:  1999 June.
Ingredients:  Soybeans.
How Stored:  Shelf stable.
New Product–Documentation:  AGP Annual report. 1997. 
AGP began “construction of a new soybean processing plant 
in Hastings, Nebraska,...” (p. 4).
 AGP Annual report. 1999. AGP’s new soybean 
processing plant in Hastings, Nebraska, began operating “in 
June 1999. It is: The ﬁ rst farmer-owned soybean processing 
plant in Nebraska. The westernmost soybean processing 
plant in the United States. AGP’s ninth soybean processing 
plant” (p. 8).
843. Dorman, M. 1999. Re: History of Arkansas Grain 
Cooperative and Riceland Foods. Letter (e-mail) to Armin 
Wendel, Germany, Aug. 9. In reply to request. 1 p.
• Summary: “August 20, 1958 Riceland farmers met to 
approve articles of incorporation for a soybean marketing 
cooperative and on August 29, 1958 the Arkansas Grain 
Cooperative was incorporated to be operated as a sister 
company to the Arkansas Rice Growers Cooperative. This 
was the beginning of the soybean business at Riceland.
 “Realizing the need to do soy processing, in order 
to enhance the proﬁ tability of the soybeans the coop was 
now handling, a soy crushing plant was opened in 1960. 
‘W.F. Carle reported to grower-members that the plant had 
processed 170,000 tons of soybeans, yielding 137,000 tons 
of meal and 33,000 tons of oil and lecithin.’
 “This is the ﬁ rst mention I ﬁ nd of lecithin at Riceland 
Foods. In 1962 due to expected growth in soybean 
production it was decided to build another soy processing 
plant and Helena, Arkansas on the bank of the Mississippi 
offered a 105-acre site. July 20, 1966 the Helena plant met 
required speciﬁ cations. Within a year the Stuttgart plant was 
expanded as well.
 “In a letter dated June 3, 1976, W. F. Carle, Executive 
Vice President and General Manager of Riceland Foods 
writes ‘... we are constructing a plant at Stuttgart to produce 
lecithin granules We will manufacture from one and a half 
to two million pounds of lecithin granules per year. Most of 
the production will go to American Lecithin Company, who 
distributes it to health food stores throughout the country.’
 “From letter from Mr. Carle to Mr. Eichberg dated 
August 17, 1976, ‘... the plant should be completed not later 
than November 15, 1976.’
 “Another letter from Mr. Carle to Mr. Eichberg 
dated June 15, 1978, ‘We are still encountering delays in 
construction of our plant and now I feel that it should be in 
production during the month of August, 1978.’ December 1, 
1978 letter ‘For your information, we still have not produced 
any lecithin granules.’
 “I cannot ﬁ nd anything which gives me actually got 
started dates, but I’m thinking sometime in 1979, because in 
April 1979 letters they’re discussing packaging. So we’ve 
been more or less producing deoiled lecithin and selling it for 
20 years. Fluid lecithin almost 40 years.” Address: Riceland 
Foods, Arkansas.
844. Lane, Mick. 1999. Processor ponders oil premium: AGP 
moves toward NIRS to test incoming beans. Soybean Digest. 
Aug. p. 21.
• Summary: AGP has been studying the practicality of using 
near infrared reﬂ ectance spectroscopy (NIRS) to quickly 
analyze the composition (oil plus protein) of soybeans upon 
delivery at AGP’s plant in Eagle Grove, Iowa. The premium 
is intended to encourage farmers to grow soybeans with 
potentially high oil content. If soybean oil sells for 25¢/lb, 
each 0.5% increase in oil content is worth about 7.5¢ to AGP. 
In the longer term, it might also encourage soybean breeders 
to breed soybeans with higher oil content.
 A color photo shows Jim Cherry and Ray Choquette of 
AGP preparing a soybean sample for NIRS testing.
845. National Oilseed Processors Association. 1999. 
Yearbook and trading rules 1999-2000. Washington, DC. ii + 
126 + 11 p. 22 cm.
• Summary:  On the cover (but not the title page) is written: 
Effective August 1, 1999. Contents: Constitution and by-
laws. Ofﬁ cers and directors. Executive ofﬁ ce. Members. 
Standing committees. Trading rules on soybean meal. 
Appendix to trading rules on soybean meal: Ofﬁ cial methods 
of analysis (moisture, protein, crude ﬁ ber, oil {only method 
numbers listed}), sampling of soybean meal {at origin} 
(automatic mechanical sampler, pneumatic probe sampler, 
probe sampler), sampling of soybean meal (at barge loading 
transfer facilities), ofﬁ cial weighmaster application, semi-
annual scale report, certiﬁ cation of installation of automatic 
sampler & mechanical divider (at origin), semi-annual 
certiﬁ cation of automatic sampler & mechanical divider (at 
origin), voluntary checklist for semi-annual certiﬁ cation of 
sampler & divider (at origin), certiﬁ cation of installation of 
automatic sampler & mechanical divider (at barge loading 
transfer facility), semi-annual certiﬁ cation of automatic 
sampler & mechanical divider (at barge loading transfer 
facility), voluntary checklist for semi-annual certiﬁ cation of 

=== PAGE 287 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   287
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
sampler & divider (at barge loading transfer facility), ofﬁ cial 
referee laboratories (meal), ofﬁ cial NOPA soybean meal 
sample bag.
 Soybean meal export trading rules: Minimum blending 
procedures for export meal blended at ports, sampling of 
soybean meal (at vessel loading facilities), weighing of 
soybean meal (at vessel loading facilities), certiﬁ cation of 
installation of automatic sampler & mechanical divider 
(at vessel loading facility), semi-annual certiﬁ cation of 
automatic sampler & mechanical divider (at vessel loading 
facility), voluntary checklist for semi-annual certiﬁ cation of 
sampler & divider (at vessel loading facility), semi-annual 
certiﬁ cation of scales at vessel loading facilities. Trading 
rules on soybean oil. Sales contract. Deﬁ nitions of grade 
and quality of export oils. Soybean lecithin speciﬁ cations. 
Appendix to trading rules on soybean oil: Inspection, 
methods of analysis: (AOCS ofﬁ cial methods): Soybean 
oil, crude; soybean oil, reﬁ ned; soybean oil, reﬁ ned and 
bleached; soybean oil for technical uses (iodine value, 
unsaponiﬁ able, break test), reﬁ ning byproduct lipid, 
acidulated reﬁ ning byproduct lipid and tank bottoms. Ofﬁ cial 
weighmaster application, semi-annual scale and ﬂ owmeter 
report, ofﬁ cial referee chemists (oil). Soybean oil export 
trading rules. Uniform soybean oil export contract. Foreign 
trade deﬁ nitions (for information purposes only) Appendix 1.
 The section on of ﬁ cers, executive staff, board of 
directors, and executive ofﬁ ce (Washington, DC), (p. 8-9) 
gives the name, company afﬁ liation, and phone number of 
each person. Members (p. 10-19) (listed alphabetically by 
company; within each company, ﬁ rst the name of the ofﬁ cial 
Association representative {who is on the Board and votes}, 
followed by the other personal members listed alphabetically 
by surname). Standing committees: For each committee, the 
function of the committee, the names of all members (with 
the chairman designated), with the company and company 
address of each are given. Address: 1255 Twenty-Third St., 
N.W., Washington, DC 20037. Phone: (202) 452-8040. Fax 
(202) 835-04000. E-mail nopa@nopa.org. Website: www.
nopa.org.
846. Duffey, Patrick. 1999. The price is right: AGP sets pace 
for soybean industry with new oil pricing program. Rural 
Cooperatives 66(5):14-18. Sept/Oct.
• Summary: In 1983, its ﬁ rst year in business, AGP had 
sales of $700 million. Its annual gross sales will soon top $4 
billion.
 “AGP, owned by 285 local and 10 regional cooperatives, 
will take on another pioneering role for the industry this fall 
when it begins paying premium prices at its nine processing 
plants for soybeans that meet graduated level standards 
for oil content. The new program took effect Oct. 1.” Jim 
Lindsay, AGP’s chief executive ofﬁ cer, says the new oil 
premium program “represents another avenue to add value to 
soybeans for farmers throughout the cooperative processing 
system.”
 While this pricing program is new to the soybean 
industry, it is well established in other agricultural industries. 
“In grain, the protein content of wheat has been measured for 
decades to determine the price. The dairy industry calculates 
price to producers based on the protein content of milk, 
which is a critical factor for making cheese.”
 “AGP started building the foundation for the value-
pricing system 18 months ago in cooperation with ﬁ eld 
testing by 14 Iowa local cooperatives, Charles Hurburgh 
at Iowa State University and the Iowa Soybean Promotion 
Board.” Near-infrared transmission (NIT) technology is used 
to provide rapid and accurate analysis of the oil content of 
whole soybeans. Larry Burkett, AGP senior vice president 
for corporate and member relations, believes soybeans offer 
a bright future for farmers.
 AGP began operating in 1983. Jim Lindsay, the co-op’s 
ﬁ rst and only CEO “compiled a staff that attacked costs with 
a vengeance. “He had prior business experience with corn 
and soybean processing as an executive at ADM, and he was 


=== PAGE 288 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   288
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
chairman of the National Oilseed Processors Association 
(NOPA) for four years.
 There follows a question and answer session with Jim 
Lindsay: What is AGP’s mission? How did AGP build its 
ﬁ nancial standing in its short 16-year history? What has 
prompted AGP’s extensive expansion in recent years? 
Where is the future in soybean exports? What is AGP’s 
future direction? “Part of AGP’s challenge is to help farmers 
identify with value-added products.” AGP has added a new 
methyl ester plant at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa. “Soy methyl ester 
is used in solvents, cleaners, agricultural spray adjuvants, 
cosmetics, and soydiesel.” At the AGP plant in Mason City, 
Iowa, storage has been boosted by 150%. AGP has begun 
making Amino Plus, a high-bypass soybean meal shown by 
AGP research to increase milk production by as much as 
10% in lactating dairy cattle. AGP has purchased an interest 
in Protinal / Proagro in Venezuela, a broiler [chicken] 
production, processing and marketing company that also 
markets livestock feed and seed. And it has opened AGP 
Hungary, a premix and feed company owned by AGP and 
12 farmer cooperatives in Hungary. Address: Information 
Specialist, USDA Rural Development.
847. Soyatech, Inc. 1999. Advertiser index. Soya Bluebook 
Plus 2000. p. 431.
• Summary: Ag Processing Inc. Allocco S.A. American 
Health & Nutrition Inc. AMG Inc. Anderson International 
Corp. ADM Lecithin. Archer Daniels Midland Co. B.N.W. 
Industries. Baker Process. BAR N.A., Inc. Bean Machines, 
Inc. Behlen Mfg. Co., Biostar. Borton, Inc. Breitenbach 
GmbH, Leonhard. Brown Company, Charles. Buhler Inc. 
Campro International Inc. Cargill, Inc. Center for Crops 
Utilization Research. Ceval Alimentos S.A. Clarkson Grain 
Co., Inc. Cleary Products, Inc., W.A. Cloﬁ ne Dairy & Food 
Products, Inc. Codema, Incorporated. Core Team, The. 
Damman-Croes N.V . De Smet SA/NV , Extraction. Divine 
Engineering, Inc. Edelsoja GmbH. Elementar Americas 
Inc. Europa Crown Ltd./Crown Iron Works Company. First 
Line Seeds. Frank, Fa. L.I. French Oil Mill Machinery 
Company, The. Fundiciones Balaguer, S.A. Genetic ID. 
Grain Systems. GTS Energy Inc. Guelph Food Technology 
Centre. H&H Company, Inc. HI Roller Enclosed Belt 
Conveyors. Identity Seed & Grain Company. Indiana 
Crop Improvement Association. INHSA. Innomach Inc. 
Insta-Pro International. International Soybean Program 
(INTSOY). InterSystems, Inc. Iowa Soy Specialties, 
LLC. Jeneil Biotech, Inc. Kice Industries, Inc. Klein 
Commodities. Krupp Extraktionstechnik GmbH. Laidig 
Industrial Systems. Louisville Drying Machinery. Lucas 
Meyer GmbH & Co. Mason Manufacturing. Metal Products 
International, Inc. Midwestern Soybeans International, 
Inc. Midwestern Soybeans International, Inc. Millbank 
Technology (N.Z.) Ltd. Miracle Exclusives, Inc. Monsanto 
Company. Montola Growers Inc. Moore & Associates, Inc., 
N. Hunt. Natural Products Inc. Norseman Inc. Northland 
Seed Corp./Northland Organic Foods. Nosawa & Company, 
Ltd. Oil Mill Gazetteer. Oil-Dri Corporation of America. 
OntarBio Organic Farmers’ Co-operative Inc. Ontario 
Soybean Growers. Paciﬁ c International Distributors (PID). 
Prater Industries, Inc. ProSoya, Inc. R&D Equipment 
Sales Company. Riceland Foods, Inc. Riley Equipment, 
Inc. Roskamp Champion. S. Howes Company, Inc. Sato & 
Company, Ltd. Schouten USA Inc. Separators, Inc. SK Food 
International. Soyatech, Inc. Specialty Proteins. Strayer & 
Associates, Dennis. SunRich Inc. Sweet Manufacturing 
Company. Tecno Moageira Ltda. Tetra Pak Inc. Texas 
A&M University. Thompson & Sons Ltd., W.G. Tobe 
Products. Tradin Organic Agriculture B.V . Tramco Inc. 
Turner Chilled Rolls Ltd. U.S. Soy. United Soybean Board. 
VIGAN Engineering S.A. Walzen Irle GmbH. Westfalia 
Separator, Inc. Westway Terminal Co., Inc. Woodson-Tenent 
Laboratories, Inc. Younglove Construction Company. 
Address: 7 Pleasant St., P.O. Box 84, Bar Harbor, Maine 
04609. Web: www.soyatech.com. Phone: 207-288-4969.
848. Raffensperger, Terry. 1999. AGP continues expansive 
mood: Company building $365,000 addition. St. Joseph 
News-Press (Missouri). Oct. 29. p. 1C, 2C.
• Summary: Of the 7 soybean processing plants owned by 
AGP, the one at St. Joseph, Missouri, is the largest. Since 
purchasing the former Dannen Mills plant in 1983, AGP 
has funneled more than half of its total capital investment in 
soybean processing into the St. Joseph facility. The company 
has also doubled its work force and payroll at St Joseph since 
1983; it presently employs about 160 workers with an annual 
payroll of about $5.5 million.
 In 1987 a hydrogenation unit cost $773,000. In 1991 
AGP expanded the hydrogenation plant and added more 
storage tanks.
 AGP now buys about 25 million bushels of soybeans 
each year from area farmers, at a cost of about $1.75 million. 
It buys an additional $9 million locally buying industrial and 
ofﬁ ce supplies and service.
 “As a cooperative, AGP is owned by 382 local or 
regional cooperative associations, which represent about 
290,000 soybean growers.” The company accounts for about 
10% of total U.S. soybean processing capacity.
849. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 1999. Annual 
report: Partners in food production. 12700 West Dodge Road, 
P.O. Box 2047, Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. 32 + 19 p. 28 
cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 1999 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$2,094.504 million, down 20.0% from $2,615.077 million 
in 1998. Net earnings before income taxes: $18.167 million, 
down 68.5% from the $57.526 million in 1998.
 “Since its formation in 1983, AGP has been committed 
to the success of its owners. Today that is 278 local 

=== PAGE 289 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   289
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
cooperatives and eight regional cooperatives, representing 
300,000 farmers from 16 states throughout the United States 
and Canada” (p. 1).
 AGP has expanded into “Soy-based methyl ester 
products, used primarily in the fuels, solvents, and 
agricultural chemicals business (as an adjuvant).” This is a 
growing new value-added market (p. 3).
 “AGP’s investment in a methyl ester plant at Sergeant 
Bluff, Iowa came at a time when companies could not use 
methyl esters because there was not a consistent supply. Now 
soybean oil in the form of biodiesel (SoyGold) is breaking 
into the diesel market as a lubricity agent in premium diesel 
offered by major fuel suppliers” (p. 5).
 AGP works “intimately with the American Soybean 
Association. This year that relationship was able to produce 
legislation in Congress that allowed 20% biodiesel blends to 
be designated as alternative fuels country-wide” (p. 13).
 “Methylated seed oil (MSO) adjuvants faced a dif ﬁ cult 
time this year primarily because MSO is not suitable for 
use with Roundup (c). AGP did, however, gain more MSO 
distributors this year” (p. 18).
 AGP’s new soybean processing plant in Hastings, 
Nebraska, began operating “in June 1999. It is: The ﬁ rst 
farmer-owned soybean processing plant in Nebraska. The 
westernmost soybean processing plant in the United States. 
AGP’s ninth soybean processing plant. Once the plant is 
operating at capacity, an estimated 200+ trucks will be at the 
Hastings location daily, either inbound with soybeans, corn, 
or milo and/or outbound with soybean meal, soybean oil, 
ethanol, and other products such as hulls or distillers’ dried 
grain with solubles.”
 Color photos show: (1) Leiting and Lindsay. (2) 
Marketing materials for AGP’s “Soybean Value Pricing–
Oil Premium Program.” (4) The board of directors. (5) 
Management staff–including one woman for the ﬁ rst time. 
Address: Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: (402) 496-7809.
850. Kraenzle, Charles A.; Richardson, R.M.; Adams, C.C.; 
DeVille, K.C.; Penn, J.E. 1999. Farmer cooperative statistics, 
1998. USDA Rural Business/Cooperative Service, RBS 
Service Report No. 57. vi + 56 p. Nov.
• Summary: Enclosed is a letter from Marc Warman (who 
sent this document), typed with signature on letterhead. 
Note: Talk with Marc Warman, Program Leader, USDA. 
New cooperative soybean processors which appear in the 
USDA Co-op Database include: Producers Cooperative 
Association (Girard, Kansas), South Dakota Soy Producers 
(V olga, South Dakota), West Bend Elevator Co. (West 
Bend, Iowa), and West Central Cooperative (Ralston, Iowa). 
Address: U.S. Dep. of Agriculture, Rural Development, 
Rural Business-Cooperative Service, STOP 3256, 1400 
Independence Ave., S.W., Washington, DC 20250-3256.
851. SoyaScan Notes. 1999. Chronology of soy protein 
isolates for food use. Dec. 9. Compiled by William Shurtleff 
of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: 1939–The Glidden Company in Chicago, 
Illinois, becomes the world’s ﬁ rst company to manufacture 
a soy protein isolate for use in food. Named Albusoy and 
called “soy albumen,” it is an enzyme-modiﬁ ed isolate used 
as a whipping agent to replace egg whites. 1950–Gunther 
Products of Galesburg, Illinois, introduces an enzyme-
modiﬁ ed soy protein isolate. By 1967 roughly 1 million lb/
year of enzyme-modiﬁ ed soy protein isolates were being 
made in the USA.
 1957–The Glidden Company in Chicago becomes 
the world’s ﬁ rst company to start large-scale production 
of today’s regular (non-enzyme modiﬁ ed) food grade soy 
protein isolate. Their $4 million plant at Indianapolis, 
Indiana, makes Promine brand isolated soy protein.
 1957 July–ADM purchases The Drackett Company 
(Evendale, Ohio), which makes commercial industrial soy 
protein isolates and is experimenting with edible isolates.
 1958–The Glidden isolate plant at Indianapolis is 
purchased by Central Soya–which now enters the isolate 
business.
 1958-1959–ADM starts to sell small amounts edible 
isolates to Consolidated Foods in Texas. William Atkinson 
developed the product, which was quite satisfactory and 
practical. But the patent was about to expire, so ADM turned 
its attention elsewhere.
 1959 Oct.–Central Soya opens a huge new plant to 
produce their Promine brand of soy protein isolate. By 1966 
Central Soya is making 30 million lb/year of soy protein 
isolates.
 1962 Oct.–Ralston Purina starts making food grade 
soy protein isolates in Louisville, Kentucky, under the Edi-
Pro brand, using technology largely developed by Frank 
Calvert and Robert Boyer when they worked as researchers 
for Henry Ford. Anderson Clayton and Carnation started to 
make soy protein isolates soon thereafter.
 1964–The USDA allows the use of soy protein isolates 
in meat sausages at the 2% level by weight.
 1965 Oct. Skippy Peanut Butter with Smoky Crisps 
introduced. The “Smoky Crisps” are bacon-like bits made by 
General Mills from spun soy protein ﬁ ber.
 1965 Dec.–General Mills introduces Bac*O’s, meatless 
fried bacon bits made from spun soy protein ﬁ ber in several 
test markets.
 1966 May–General Mills introduces its Bontrae line 
of meat analogs based on spun soy protein ﬁ bers, including 
Ground Beef Analog, Diced Ham Analog, and Diced Poultry 
Analog.
 1969 Dec.–Bac*Os, meatless bacon bits, are now 
available nationwide.
 1970 Dec.–Bontrae spun soy protein ﬁ ber starts to be 
made at General Mills’ new plant in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
 1973 March–Hamburger prices reach all-time highs. 

=== PAGE 290 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   290
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Hamburger extended with 25% Bontrae (spun soy protein 
ﬁ ber) goes on sales at Red Owl Stores in Minnesota.
 1973 summer–Grain Processing Corp. of Muscatine, 
Iowa, starts making soy protein isolates under the Pro-Fam 
brand.
 1974 Oct.–General Mills introduces meatless Country 
Cuts, made from spun soy protein ﬁ ber, in ham or chicken 
ﬂ avors.
 1976–Ralston Purina has become the world’s leading 
manufacturer of edible soy protein isolates. Their ﬂ agship 
plant is still in Louisville. 1977 May–Dawson Foods buys 
(for about $10 million) the Bontrae spinning line, plus 
exclusive rights to General Mills’ soy isolate and patented 
spinning technology, equipment, and frozen spun products 
marketed to food processors and institutional customers. 
Dawson moved the equipment to Minnesota, and broke 
ground for a new plant in Feb. 1978.
 1979 March 31–Dawson Mills’ soy protein isolate plant 
opens 1½ miles east of Dawson, Minnesota, on a 220-acre 
site.
 1980 May–Dawson Mills introduces its Anaprime 
line of meat analogs based on spun soy protein ﬁ bers and 
technology purchased from General Mills; they are very 
similar to the Bontrae line.
 1980 Aug.–Central Soya sells all of its soy protein 
isolate operations to Archer Daniels Midland Co. With 
this purchase, ADM enters the edible isolate business, and 
Central Soya gets out. ADM names its ﬁ rst four edible 
isolates Ardex D, Ardex DHV , Ardex F, and Ardex SP-6–
simply replacing Central Soya’s brand “Promine” by the 
brand “Ardex.”
 1982–ADM demonstrated Ardex isolated soy protein 
sweetened with CornSweet 42 high-fructose corn syrup, at a 
major Food Expo.
 1985–ADM moves its soy isolate plant from Chicago to 
Decatur, Illinois.
 1986–ADM doubles the size of its soy isolate plant in 
Decatur.
 1987-1988–ADM builds a second isolate plant in 
Decatur.
 1988 June 23–ADM buys from Grain Processing Corp. 
(GPC) their soy protein isolate technology, brand names 
(Pro-Fam), and customers–but not their equipment. ADM 
soon begins to produce the Pro-Fam line of isolates in 
Decatur, Illinois.
 1988–The price of imported casein rises above the price 
of soy isolates–and stays there due to loss of subsidies by 
foreign governments.
 1988–ADM starts to make industrial soy protein isolates 
in Decatur.
 1995–ADM builds a third edible isolate plant in Decatur, 
adjacent to its other two plants.
 1997–ADM sells its industrial isolate business in 
Decatur to PTI (Protein Technologies International).
 1997 June–ADM starts producing soy protein isolates at 
its plant in Europoort, Netherlands.
852. ASA Today (St. Louis, Missouri). 1999. The American 
Soybean Industry Council–ASIC. 6(2):6. Dec.
• Summary: In December 1995 the leaders of the American 
Soybean Association formally launched a group named the 
American Soybean Industry Council (ASIC), which provides 
a forum for discussion and action for all soybean industry 
sectors including crop protection and fertilizers, seeds, 
equipment, processors, exporters, end users, transportation 
and warehousing, insurance, ﬁ nance and banking. Funding 
to operate the ASIC comes from dues paid by the industry 
members.
 “ASA thanks the following members for their 
participation in ASIC: AgrEvo USA Company, AgriPro 
Seeds, Inc., AIA Insurance, American Cyanamid, Asgrow, 
BASF, Bayer Corporation, Burlington Northern, Dakota, 
Minnesota & Eastern Railroad, Doane Ag Services, Dow 
AgroSciences, DuPont Crop Protection, Golden Harvest, 
Illinois Soybean Promotion Board, Monsanto, New Holland 
North America, Novartis Crop Protection, Novartis Seeds, 
Riceland Foods, and Zeneca Ag Products.”
853. Farmland Industries Inc. 1999. Celebrating the 
Farmland tradition: Seventy years of cooperative success. 
Kansas City, Missouri. 32 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: This spiral-bound history of Farmland 
Industries, Inc., sent out with the 1999 annual report, also 
announces the merger of Farmland with Cenex Harvest 
States to create a “new, combined cooperative–United 
Country Brands.” Contents: Company proﬁ le. Historical 
photos. President’s letter. Chairman’s letter. 1999 board 
members. Inputs. Feed and grain processing. North 
American grain. Refrigerated foods and livestock production. 
Corporate information.
 Proﬁ  le (p. 1): Headquarters: Kansas City, Missouri. 
1999 sales: $10.7 billion. Owners: 1,700 local cooperatives; 
600,000 North American producers and ranchers. Motto: 
Proud to be farmer owned. Assets: $3.3 billion asset 
base includes: Fertilizer plants; petroleum reﬁ nery; grain 
elevators; feed mills; pork, beef and catﬁ sh processing 
plants; transportation ﬂ eet. Mission: To be a global, 
consumer-driven, producer-owned ‘farm-to-table’ 
cooperative system. Business lines: Crop production/crop 
protection, petroleum, grain, feed & grain processing, 
refrigerated foods & livestock production. History: 
Founded in 1929 as Union Oil Co., when six farmer-owned 
cooperatives joined forces to buy and distribute petroleum 
products; became Consumers Cooperative Association 
(CCA) in 1935 to reﬂ ect expansion into other products; 
in 1966 CCA became Farmland Industries, Inc.; today 
Farmland functions as a farm-to-table global agribusiness 
company, supplying its producer-owners with quality 

=== PAGE 291 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   291
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
agricultural input products while processing and marketing 
their grain, pork, beef, and catﬁ sh to customers around 
the world. Address: P.O. Box 7305, Kansas City, Missouri 
64116-0005. Phone: 1-800-821-8000.
854. Messer, Gayle. 1999. Audrain County, Missouri: 
Reﬂ ections of the past, 1945-2000. A pictorial history. 
Virginia Beach, Virginia: Donning Co. Publishers. 128 p. 
Illust. Index. 29 cm. *
855. Wendel, Armin. 1999. 150 Jahre Lecithin [150 years of 
lecithin]. Cologne, Germany. 9 p. Unpublished typescript. 
Jan. 16. 28 cm. [5 ref. Ger]
• Summary: An excellent history of lecithin in German. This 
unpublished draft was written several months before his ﬁ rst 
two articles in INFORM magazine about the ﬁ rst 150 years 
of lecithin history, and about 7 months before his article in 
Inform about lecithin in chocolate.
 Armin writes (July 2015): My idea was to bring more 
attention to phospholipids using the discovery of Lecithin by 
Gobley in 1850 (2000 = 150 years).
 All materials were used for the publication “Lecithin the 
ﬁ rst 150 years,” in Inform August 2000.
 The corrections in 2001 were made for a presentation in 
May 2001 at an AOCS meeting (Award lecture).
 “I also collected material for reviews: Staley, Central 
Soya, ADM, Lucas Meyer, American Lecithin, Eichberg, 
Nattermann, Riceland, Unilever, Stern-Wywiol etc.
 “It planned to publish a book but I never had the time–
and will not have the time.”
 Foreword: The attempt to outline the history of 
lecithin that is being made here is not to be a synopsis of 
scientiﬁ c know-how. There are more than enough scientiﬁ c 
explanations. I would like to make the attempt to trace the 
industrial development.
 Lecithin does not represent a product with sales in the 
billions each year, such as the automobile, the television, the 
telephone, or beer. For that reason, it is not so easy to obtain 
the corresponding information. But as is the case with all 
discoveries and inventions, there are individual people who 
take the idea and create a product out of it which is then used 
or consumed by many people.
 Let us brie ﬂ y go into the origins of lecithin. Maurice 
Gobley, who coined the term “lecithin” in 1850 from the 
Greek word lekithos for egg yolk, only set one milestone. 
The components of lecithin had of course long been known. 
According to Gobley, lecithin is a lipid that contains 
phospholipids (lipids consisting of a glycerol backbone with 
fatty acids, a phosphoric acid group, and a base) which, in 
addition to other phospholipids, is a membrane component 
of the cells of all living things, be they plants, animals, or 
people. Many researchers both before and after Gobley had 
already occupied themselves with this group of substances. 
Hensing discovered phosphorus in the brain for the ﬁ rst time 
in 1719. Vauquelin conﬁ rmed that in 1811. The research on 
brain matter had been accelerated in a macabre sort of way 
by the French Revolution, as the following quotation shows: 
(1)
 An unusual period with unusual methods. The countless 
political victims offered the anatomists welcome material 
for studies, as long as they themselves still remained alive. 
What was swept away were scruples and prejudices which 
had stood in the way of the natural sciences for so long. 
Lavoisier’s contemporary, the famous physician Thouret, 
went to the cemeteries. With exhumations at the Holy 
Innocents’ Cemetery, there were surprising ﬁ nds. Some 
skulls demonstrated well-preserved brain matter. Thouret 
studied them in detail, in search of the phosphorus in the 
brain that had already been discovered by Hensing, a 
German doctoral candidate, in 1719. The French doctor 
analyzed a fat-like substance. Somewhat later, in 1811, he 
received the conﬁ rmation from his colleague Vauquelin, 
who established organically bound phosphorus in the fatty 
material of the brain.
 That was the beginning of the search for lipids 
containing phosphorus in the brain and other organs. 
Researchers such as Vauquelin, Fourcroy, Couërbe, Fémy, 
Valencienne, Töpler, Strecker, Diakonow, Liebreich and 
Thudichum, who coined the terms cephalin and phosphatide, 
dealt intensely with this material. Gobley did not study any 
human or animal organs; he found this substance in the egg. 
In so doing, that blazed the trail to isolate that substance 
or the substance from the egg and to provide a therapeutic 
application.
 With the onset of industrialization and the beginning 
of the pharmaceutical industry came the technical isolation 
of egg yolk lecithin (lecithin ex ovo). Not only did 
companies such as Riedel, Promonta, and Merck-Darmstadt 
manufacture this lecithin, they also began to produce 
pharmaceutical compounds. As early as the ﬁ rst years of the 
twentieth century, many products of this sort were already 
on the market. But they were expensive and in short supply, 
since the necessary egg yolk was primarily imported from 
China.
 But then the value of the soybean for food was 
discovered in Europe. In China and other Asian countries, 
the soybean had already been an important provider of 
nutrients for millennia. But the entire harvest was also 
consumed in those countries. One incentive for the increase 
in production resulted at the end of the 19th century from 
the Russo-Japanese War. Soy was suddenly a canned food 
for the military and was consumed in large quantities. A 
turning point occurred in 1908 when, as a result of cotton 
crop failures, the Japanese ﬁ rm Mitsui & Co. brought a lot 
of soybeans to the European market for the ﬁ rst time for the 
purpose of oil extraction. The results of the oil extraction and 
the use of the oil for food and industry as well as the use of 
the pressing residues in agriculture were so outstanding that 

=== PAGE 292 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   292
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
right away, a demand occurred that rose constantly.
 Thus in the port cities of Europe, soybeans were soon 
processed as a source of protein and oil. This occurred in 
particular in Hamburg and Stettin (today’s Szczecin, Poland), 
Aarhus in Denmark, Hull in England, and Marseilles in 
France.
 But a technical push was still required. That was 
provided by Hermann Bollmann. He developed a process 
for the solvent extraction of the soybean. This process went 
down in the annals of history as the “Bollmann process”. 
With this process, though, lecithin accumulated as a by-
product. Bollmann hired Bruno Rewald, who then occupied 
himself with the possibilities for applications for soy 
lecithin. This lecithin was a mixture of various phospholipids 
with triglycerides, sugar, and sterols. The amount of 
phosphatidylcholine was between 12 and 18%. The term 
“lecithin” for this product that was obtained from soybean 
extraction–for producing soybean oil–caught on.
 Along with Bollmann and the Hansamühle (Hanseatic 
Mill Works) that was founded by Bollmann, Rewald laid 
the cornerstone for the general application of lecithin. 
Bollmann and, in particular, Rewald, as well, were the 
ones who supplied the lecithin to H.C. Buer, from which 
Buer developed the product which is still known today as 
“buerlecithin”. An extensive advertising campaign made 
buerlecithin well known. Buerlecithin, which was introduced 
in the 1930s, was nearly synonymous with lecithin for 
the application of the improvement of performance and 
memory. Its fame continued into literature and the cinema. 
For example, in his book Die Verteidigung der Kindheit [The 
Defense of Childhood] (2), Martin Walser wrote, “What he 
experienced in West Berlin was not to be avoided by shaving 
and taking lecithin” and “Just don’t always throw in the 
towel right away, man! Take lecithin!”
 Or Edgar Noske who, in his detective novel Nacht 
über Nippes [Night over Knickknacks] (3) wrote, “A big 
Hanomag truck with a Buerlecithin inscription blocked the 
right lane.” In the 1977 American ﬁ lm The Goodbye Girl, 
Elliot (Richard Dreyfuss) constantly needs his lecithin.
 Prof. Kaufmann of the University of Münster, on the 
other hand, used the extraction of lecithin at the Hansamühle 
in his lectures as an example of industrial application. 
His students also included Hermann Pardun and Hans 
Eikermann, who later went on to further develop lecithin in 
different ways: Pardun at Unilever for the food industry and 
Eikermann at Nattermann for the pharmaceutical industry.
 Rewald ran into Joseph Eichberg in the USA. Together, 
they attempted to convince the nascent soy industry in the 
USA of the Bollmann process and the application of lecithin. 
This led to the founding of the American Lecithin Company 
which, for Percy L. Julian at the Glidden company, became 
the point of germination for lecithin in the USA.
 The actual initiators, Bollmann and Rewald, did not 
enjoy the privilege of reaping the fruits of their labors. 
Bollmann was, as one would put it today, an entrepreneur. 
But was he also a good businessman? The First World War 
and the accompanying inﬂ ation pushed him out of his own 
company. He did not make any further connections and died 
in 1935 as he was applying for a patent for his last invention, 
a seaplane. In his diary, Bollmann wrote in March 1934:
 “It is not the big corporations, those mammoth 
constructions of industry, but rather quiet brain work 
through which all more or less revolutionary innovations or 
inventions will create patents. These productively creating 
spirits are to be divided into two groups: (1) Those that are 
in the service of corporations; (2) Those in independent 
professions who get far too little attention, those actual 
creators of progress. The best inventions go to the service 
of the big corporations which, on the basis of the patents 
that have been acquired for little money, demand high prices 
and ensure for themselves enormous proﬁ ts, while the 
creator himself for the most part received meager wages and 
often has a bleak old age.” Continued. Address: Managing 
Director, Nattermann Phospholipid GmbH, Cologne, 
Germany.
856. Wendel, Armin. 1999. Die Sojabohne: von der 
Sojabohne zum Sojalecithin [The soybean: from the soybean 
to soy lecithin]. Hamburg, Germany. 15 p. Unpublished 
typescript. [28 ref. Ger]
• Summary: This is a history of the soybean, with increasing 
emphasis on lecithin as that history moves into the 20th 
century.
 Paragraph 1: The mythological early history of the 
soybean in China. Emperor Shen Nung and China’s earliest 
crop plants (1) (2).
 Paragraph 2. Englebert Kaempfer (1651-1716) (3) and 
introduction of the ﬁ rst information about the soybean to 
Europe. Linné (Linnaeus; 1707-1778) (4) ﬁ rst mentioned the 
soybean in 1737. In 1753 he classiﬁ ed it as Glycine soja in 
his classic, Species Plantarum.
 Paragraph 3. Introduction of the soybean to North 
America by Samuel Bowen in 1765 (5-6).
 Paragraph 4. In 1770 Benjamin Franklin sent soybeans 
from London to the botanist John Bartram in Philadelphia–
independent of Samuel Bowen. The cultivation of the 
soybean plant began in Europe between 1840 and 1875. 
In the USA Matthew Calbraith Perry (1794-1858) (7) 
introduced a soybean variety in 1854.
 In Germany, Captain Wehrhan carried out cultivation 
experiments in 1870 [1872?] which remained in vain 
[Haberlandt 1878].
 At the Vienna World Exhibition of 1873, the botanist 
Professor Friedrich Haberlandt obtained soybean seeds 
from China [and Japan and Mongolia]. He stressed the 
importance of the soybean for nutrition. He also carried out 
agronomic trials which, however, were not very successful 
and consequently vanished into oblivion.

=== PAGE 293 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   293
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 The agronomic trials in Central Europe failed as a result 
of the climatic conditions. The vegetation period amounts 
to more than 150 days. That is how long the soybean seed 
needs for maturity. If planting is begun in April, then the 
harvest can be counted on in September. But the harsh spring 
in Central Europe with its late frosts at night thwarted all 
efforts.
 While in Europe and the USA, the soybean remained 
insigniﬁ cant until the twentieth century, cultivation in 
China grew continuously. The settling of Manchuria and 
the growing demand for soybeans led to the construction 
of two railway lines (the North and South Manchuria 
Railways) in 1902. From 1895 to 1926, the population of 
Manchuria had increased from 2.5 million to 22 million. 
One incentive for the increase in production resulted at 
the end of the nineteenth century from the Russo-Japanese 
War. Soy was suddenly a canned food for the military and 
was consumed in large quantities. The entire harvest was 
needed in Asia (8). The turning point occurred in 1908 
when, as a result of cotton crop failures, the Japanese ﬁ rm 
Mitsui & Co. brought one lot of soybeans to the European 
market [to Hull, England] for the ﬁ rst time for the purpose 
of oil extraction. The results of the oil extraction and the 
use of the oil for food and industry as well as the use of the 
pressing residues in agriculture were so outstanding that 
right away, a demand occurred that rose constantly. Thus 
in the port cities of Europe, soybeans were soon processed 
as a source of protein and oil. This occurred in particular 
in Hamburg and Stettin [today’s Szczecin, Poland], Aarhus 
[Denmark], Hull, and Marseilles [France]. In Germany, the 
oil mill industry was concentrated in Harburg in Hamburg 
(9). In particular in Harburg in Hamburg, the oil mills 
began to process soybeans, [including] Hansa Muehle (the 
Hanseatic Mill) in 1910 [no citation] and the Stettin Oil 
Works (Stettiner Ölwerke), in the founding of which the 
“East Asiatic Company” was involved, (10) in approximately 
1910. The East Asiatic Company (Ostasiatiske Kompagni) 
in Copenhagen was one of the largest importers of soybeans 
from China to Harburg and Aarhus. In 1910, Brinckmann 
[Brinkmann] & Mergell (11) also began with the processing 
of soybeans, as did Noblee & Thörl (12) in 1912 and 
Friedrich Thörl (13) in 1913.
 In 1913, 126,000 metric tons of soybeans had already 
been processed in Germany (14). Up to the turn of that 
century, the processing and the obtaining of soybean oil still 
occurred primarily through pressing (15). With the beginning 
of soybean processing, modern extraction processes were 
also introduced (16) (extraction from the oil seed by means 
of solvents). The extraction process has the great advantage 
that the oil is basically obtained there without residue, 
while with pressing, at least 6 to 7% fat remains in the cake. 
That was in particular important with the soybean, since it 
has only a low oil content in comparison to other oil seeds 
(soybean: approximately 17-18% fat, copra: 66% fat). The 
credit for having introduced the extraction process to the 
fat industry is due to the Frenchman Deiss (1856) (17). In 
spite of the danger of ﬁ re and explosion (18), gasoline [or 
naphtha?] (Benzin) (hexane and heptane fractions) was the 
most important extractant (even today, hexane is still used).
 But only the “Bollmann process” (19) made it possible 
to work continuously and produce soy lecithin for the ﬁ rst 
time in sufﬁ cient quantities at a satisfactory quality. At 
the heart of the process was a new, continuously-working 
extraction apparatus and a solvent mixture of benzene 
(Benzol) and ethanol. The new Bollmann system was also 
known as the “Ford system of oil production” (Fordsystem 
der Ölfabrikation). In Germany, the cornerstone for soy 
lecithin was laid with it. Germany was the country with the 
largest soybean processing in the world. The First World 
War brought a brief interruption. But starting from 1920, the 
processing grew continuously. Starting from 1933, though, 
as a result of the Nazi regime and the Second World War, 
production was once again interrupted (20).
 A table shows world soybean production in 1933 in 
metric tons:
 China 6,000,000
 USA 356,000
 Argentina 500.
 The largest exporter in 1933 was China, with 
approximately 2,244,000 metric tons that went to the 
following countries: 1933 Import and Processing of 
Soybeans in metric tons:
 Germany 1,171,000
 Japan 392,000
 Denmark 325,000
 United Kingdom 157,000
 Sweden 58,000
 Netherlands 39,000
 France 15,000
 Other countries 177,000
 Total 2,244,000 [no source given].
 If the European processing of the soybean was already 
going at full speed at the start of the twentieth century, 
then in the USA the development was still at its beginning. 
The ﬁ rst oil mill in the USA that processed soybeans was 
Herman Meyer’s mill in Seattle, Washington which imported 
soybeans from Manchuria in 1911 and processed them into 
oil and meal with the help of a hydraulic press. Later on, the 
mill was called “Paciﬁ c Oil Mills”. In 1915, the Elizabeth 
City Oil and Fertilizer Co. in Elizabeth City, North Carolina 
became the second soybean-processing oil mill. For the 
ﬁ rst time, this oil mill also processed soybeans that were 
grown in the USA in North Carolina. In 1917, approximately 
50,000 acres (1 acre = 0.405 hectares) of soybeans were 
planted in the USA. In 1918, the Staley company began 
with experiments. In 1919, the Chicago Heights Oil 
Manufacturing Co. in Chicago Heights, Illinois, began with 
the processing of soybeans that were grown in Illinois. In 

=== PAGE 294 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   294
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
1920, Eugene Staley (23) gave the signal to start soybean 
processing. He ordered the necessary machinery from the 
V .D. Anderson Company in Cleveland, Ohio (hydraulic 
presses).
 [in English:] “The day will come when our plant will 
process more soybeans than corn.”
 On September 30, 1920, the plant in Decatur, Illinois 
was able to [open] with a processing capacity of 500 bushels 
per day (1 bushel of soybeans corresponds to approximately 
27 kg., so 500 bushels is around 14 metric tons). The start of 
the most important organizations in the USA also took place 
in 1920: the American Soybean Association (ASA) and the 
National Soybean Growers’ Association, which held its ﬁ rst 
conference, the “Cornbelt Soybean Conference” in Camden, 
Indiana. In 1923, the Piatt County Cooperative Soy Bean 
Company in Monticello, Illinois began with the ﬁ rst solvent 
extraction plant. By 1927, there were already eighteen oil 
mills in the USA that processed soybeans. But with its 
39% market share, Staley was the largest processor. And 
it remained so until 1957. Continued. Address: Managing 
Director, Nattermann Phospholipid GmbH, Cologne, 
Germany; and Chairman of the Board, American Lecithin 
Company (Oxford, Connecticut, USA).
857. Norris, Max. 2000. How to make candles from soy oil 
(Interview). SoyaScan Notes. May 1. Conducted by William 
Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Most candles made from soy oil are made by 
hydrogenating the oil to achieve a desired melting point, 
hardness, and other characteristics. If you hydrogenated soy 
oil completely, you would get a completely saturated system, 
which was mostly stearic (pronounced stee-AIR-ik) acid, 
with the remaining 10% being palmitic acid; it would have 
a melting point of about 160ºC. A small number of major 
fat and oil companies make and sell hydrogenated soy oil to 
particular speciﬁ cations–if the order is large enough. This 
material is easiest to use in candles when sold in the form 
of ﬂ akes (made on a ﬂ aking roll), or small beads/granules, 
or powder (obtained by spray chilling). AURI is interested 
in working with entrepreneurs to replace petroleum 
products with renewable resources–such as soy oil–by 
doing the necessary R&D work. At the end of the process, 
AURI would have identiﬁ ed the desired composition and 
speciﬁ cations for the client’s full candle. As a hypothetical 
example, 85% soybean oil hydrogenated to a melting point 
of 122ºC, 12% fragrances and colors, and 3% Vibar (a well-
known polymer which gives homogeneity of color, ﬂ avor, 
etc. over time–with no streaking). AURI gives the client 
the names of possible suppliers of the chemically modiﬁ ed 
soy oil, such as A.C. Humco, Loders, or Honeymead. One 
of the nice things about making candles from any vegetable 
oil is that no smoke is visible–regardless of the melting 
point of composition of the candle; parafﬁ n candles always 
smoke. If a candle poured into and sold in a clear Mason or 
glass canning jar has the proper melting and solidiﬁ cation 
/ contracting characteristics, it will adhere nicely to the 
internal surface of the jar, but if these characteristics are 
wrong, you would see breaks and ﬁ ssures at the surface 
of the candle near the glass. Address: Senior Scientist and 
Director of Intellectual Property, AURI, 1501 State St., 
Marshall, Minnesota 56258. Phone: 507-537-7440.
858. Krohn, Tim. 2000. A cry over spilled oil. Mankato Free 
Press (Minnesota). May 9. p. 1A, 4A.
• Summary: On the blistering cold morning of 23 Jan. 1963 
about 3.5 million gallons of crude soybean oil burst out of 
a huge steel storage tank (40 feet tall, 100 feet in diameter) 
at the Honeymead Products Co. in Mankato and rushed into 
the nearby Blue Earth River. The resulting environmental 
disaster helped to ignite the environmental movement 
in Minnesota and lead to the creation of the Minnesota 
Pollution Control Agency (MPCA). It was a pivotal event 
in Minnesota environmental history, says Stephen Lee, who 
works at the MPCA and is writing a magazine article about 
the spill. The story will also appear in a book to be published 
by MPCA this summer. The environmental pollution and 
wildlife disaster was so devastating that on April 1 Governor 
Carl Rolvaag declared a state of emergency as National 
Guardsmen and volunteers tried to save thousands of 
waterfowl that had been covered with the gooey oil. Before 
that time, there was no thought of water pollution except 
from disease such as typhoid. Some of the oil was eventually 
detected on the Mississippi River as far south as Illinois. 
Today, because of laws and regulations, a similar accident 
would have dramatically different results. For example, 
storage tanks have strict design and safeguard requirements, 
are inspected, and are required to have dike systems around 
them to contain spills.
 Photos show: (1) The Honeymead plant today. (2) An 
aerial view of the plant taken shortly after the spill in Jan. 
1963. (3) The crumpled remains of the tank that ruptured. 
(4) Soybean oil and strips of steel from the crumpled tank 
ﬂ ooding into the Blue Earth River. (5) Drums loaded with 
oil by the river. (6) The square steel door, added to the round 
oil tank, was the prime suspect as to why the tank failed. 
Address: Staff writer.
859. Wolf, Walter. 2000. Soy-related documents–Business 
records (Archival collection). Peoria, Illinois.
• Summary: In July 2000 Dr. Walter Wolf, as he was 
preparing to retire from the Northern Center for Agricultural 
Utilization Research in Peoria, Illinois, sent to Soyfoods 
Center many ﬁ le folders of soy-related documents that he 
had collected between about 1968 and the present. Most 
are in the ﬁ eld of soy protein, and none are conﬁ dential / 
proprietary. Each one is neatly dated, and the documents are 
in reverse chronological order in each manila ﬁ le folder.
 Dr. Wolf earned his PhD degree at the University of 

=== PAGE 295 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   295
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Minnesota, where he studied soy proteins. He began work 
at NCAUR in 1956; at that time it was named the Northern 
Regional Research Center. He worked as a chemist in the 
Meal Products Research Group. He did mostly pure research, 
rather than applied. At the time there was little interest in 
food uses of soy protein. One of his main contributions was 
collecting and publishing statistics on the annual production 
and price of soy ﬂ our, soy protein isolates, soy protein 
concentrates, and textured soy protein products.
 The following ﬁ les (listed alphabetically) were received 
by Soyfoods Center. Unless otherwise stated, only one ﬁ le on 
each company or subject was received. A thin ﬁ le contains 
less than about 20 sheets of paper; a thick one contains more 
than 20 sheets: ADM (Archer Daniels Midland Co.; 2 thick 
ﬁ les 1970-2000). Anderson Clayton (thin, 1971-81). Cargill 
(thin, 1970-2000). Central Soya (4 thick ﬁ les, 1959-1999). 
Dawson Mills (thick, 1974-1983). Edible Soy Products, Inc. 
(Hudson, Iowa; Maker of Pronuts; thin, 1971-78). EMI Corp. 
(Des Plaines, Illinois, thin, 1971-74). Erie Casein Co. (thin, 
1966-73). Fuji Oil Co. Ltd. and Fuji Purina Protein Ltd. (of 
Japan, thick, 1972-1993). Farmland Industries and Far-Mar-
Co (thin, 1970-1993). Food Ingredients–Dale Johnson (thick, 
1964-1998). Garrison Products (extrusion, thin, 1977-78). 
General Foods (thin, 1974-1981). General Mills (thick, 
1965-1976). Gerber Products (thin, 1969). Grain Processing 
Corp. (1968-1976). Grifﬁ th Laboratories (thick, 1968-1986). 
Gunther Products (purchased by A.E. Staley, thick, 1963-
1975). Honeymead Products (Mankato, Minnesota, thin, 
1978-1986). Industrial Grain Products (Montreal, Canada, 
thin, 1973-1975). Kikkoman (thick, 1972-1997). Kraft, Inc. 
(1965-1984). Lauhoff Grain (1 thin, 1973-86). Loma Linda 
Foods (thin, 1969-1986). Miles Laboratories (thick, 1970-
83). Nabisco (1974-81). Meals for Millions Foundation 
(1 thin ﬁ le, 1976). Protein Advisory Group of the United 
Nations, PAG Guidelines (thin, 1969-1978). Quaker Oats 
(thin, 1970-97). Joe Rakosky, consultant (1979-83). Ralston 
Purina Co. (4 ﬁ les, very thick, 1962-1999). Soy protein 
products (2 ﬁ les, thick, 1970-1986). Soy protein production 
statistics and estimates (two thick ﬁ les, 1970-1996). Staley 
(A.E., 1 thick, 1969-1986). Swift & Co. (thin, 1961-1971). 
Takeda Chemical Industries (thin, 1970-1984). Textured soy 
proteins (1 thin, 1969-71). Tofu equipment (thin, 1970s). 
Tokuji Watanabe tofu studies at Peoria, Illinois (thick, 1960-
61). United Nations Industrial Development Organization 
(UNIDO, thick, proceedings of Nov. 1969 meeting at Peoria, 
Illinois), Unilever (thin, 1974-79). Wenger Manufacturing 
Co. (thin, 1975-76). Worthington Foods (thick, 1965-1998). 
Address: NCAUR, Peoria, Illinois.
860. Ag Processing Inc. 2000. You own this plant. And you 
own this plant (Ad). Soybean Digest. Aug. p. 32-33.
• Summary: This is a striking, two-page color ad. The ﬁ rst 
plant is a young soybean plant (good color photo, inside an 
orange rectangle on a black page). The second is a soybean 
processing plant. “AGP is the largest farmer-owned soybean 
processing cooperative in the world.” AGP is also one of the 
four largest soybean crushers and one of the three largest 
soybean oil reﬁ ners.
 “AGP buys soybeans from its owners–over 280 
cooperatives–and it processes 15,000 acres of soybeans 
every day.” For more information: www.agp.com. Address: 
Omaha, Nebraska.
861. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 2000. Annual 
report: Partners in food production. 12700 West Dodge Road, 
P.O. Box 2047, Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. 56 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 2000 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$1,961.736 million, down 6.4% from $2,094.504 million 
in 1999. Earnings before income taxes: $20.908 million, up 
15.1% from the $18.167 million in 1999.
 Page 3: AGP has earned a proﬁ  t for 17 consecutive 
years–”every year since its formation. This was no small task 
as depressed margins–plagued the soybean processing and 
reﬁ ning business due to excess industry capacity.” “AGP’s 
innovative Oil Premium Program rewards member-suppliers 
of soybeans that are of more value in the marketplace by 
paying a premium for higher oil content soybeans.”
 Page 9: “AGP Processing group launched the Oil 
Premium Program. It is a marketing program that rewards 
soybean producers for the component value of their 
soybeans, and it represents the future of soybean marketing.”
 A full page (p. 30) is devoted to “AGP Chief Executive 
Ofﬁ cer Jim Lindsay retires.” He retired effective 1 Nov. 
2000. “Jim’s career began in 1958 at Spencer Kellogg and 
progressed with a move to ADM in 1961. There he held 
various positions, including vice president of soy processing, 
vice president of corn sweeteners, and president of Brazilian 
operations.” Jim has served on the boards of directors of 
various professional associations, including the National 
Oilseed Processing Association (chairman, 1986-1990), U.S. 
Bank, Associated Beneﬁ ts Corporation, United Way, the 
Elkhorn, Nebraska School Foundation, and various other 
community agencies. “Married with four children, Jim is 
taking this opportunity to help his wife raise their 12 year 
old daughter.” Photos show: (1) Jim Lindsay. (2) The James 
W. Lindsay Child Care Center, which “was dedicated on the 
AGP Campus in ﬁ scal 2000 in lasting recognition of Jim’s 
commitment to the welfare of AGP employees and their 
children.”
 The next page, “Leadership,” shows that Martin P. 
Reagan was appointed CEO and General Manager on 1 Nov. 
2000. The names of all group vice presidents, senior vice 
presidents, and vice presidents are given. Color photos of the 
management staff are shown on the next 4 pages.
 A full page (p. 35), titled “Reagan succeeds Lindsay as 
CEO,” gives a good bio. He was born in Austin, Minnesota, 
graduated in 1973 with a bachelor of science degree in 
agricultural economics from the University of Minnesota, 

=== PAGE 296 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   296
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
then joined International Multifoods grain division. In 1989 
he became president of trading and grain merchandising. In 
1991 the operations were sold to AGP–where he continued in 
grain merchandising.
 Also contains color photos of (1) Leiting and Lindsay. 
(2) Huge soybean processing plants and reﬁ neries. (4) The 
board of directors. (5) Management staff. Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska. Phone: (402) 496-7809.
862. Dike centennial, 1900-2000. 2000. Dike, Iowa: 
Centennial History Book Committee. 200 + [17] p. See p. 
77-80. Illust. Index. 28 cm.
• Summary: The long entry for “Farmers Cooperative 
Company” states (p. 77-80) that the Association began very 
modestly as a cow testing association, which soon began 
buying feeds in car lots for its members, thus saving them 
money. The Farmers Elevator Cooperative was incorporated 
in June 1917. They bought (from George Billman) one of the 
two independent elevators at the time in Dike; Billman went 
to work for the coop as its ﬁ rst manager.
 “The Dike Soybean Processing plant was completed 
in 1943. In 1949 the mill processed 400,000 bushels of 
soybeans. In 1946 the coop erected a huge concrete storage 
elevator., so that it now had a capacity of 310,000 bushels of 
soybeans and grain.” The cooperative is still active. Address: 
Dike, Iowa.
863. Dawson Sentinel (Minnesota). 2001. Soybean plant 
celebrates 50 years of operation. Oct. 17. p. 7.
• Summary: A 50-year history of Dawson Mills. 1979 [sic, 
early 1981]–Joe Givens retired as president and general 
manager, after nearly 30 years of leadership. 1980 March 
1–Dawson Mills merged with Land O’Lakes to become part 
of the latter’s Soybean Division. 1981 May–The soy protein 
isolate plant was closed. It had cost $20 million to complete, 
twice the original estimate. Most of its equipment sold at 
auction. The building was later acquired by Associated 
Milk Producers Inc. to house a cheese factory that is still in 
operation. 1983 June–Land O’Lakes merged with Boone 
Valley Coop and Farmland Industries. For three months the 
Dawson plant was known as Boone Valley Coop. 1983 May–
The ﬂ our mill was closed. 1983 Sept. 1–Ag Processing Inc. 
(AGP) acquires the plant. Today the plant has 73 employees.
 Photos show: (1) Tri-County Co-op soybean plant and 
ofﬁ ce in 1951. (2) Aerial view of the plant in 1961. (3) 
Forming the foundations of 10 slip-form concrete storage 
tanks in 1971. (4) The completed tanks located near the 
Dawson Mills water tower. (5) New ofﬁ ces built in 1962. 
(6) The concrete storage tanks at the half way completed 
position.
864. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 2001. Annual 
report. 12700 West Dodge Road, P.O. Box 2047, Omaha, 
Nebraska 68103-2047. 28 + 20 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 2001 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$1,788.716 million, up 9.0% from $1,640,838 million 
(revised downward from $1,961,736 million) in 2000. 
Earnings from continuing operations (before income taxes): 
$46.038 million, up 2.70 fold from the $17.069 million 
(revised downward from $20.908 million) in 2000.
 This year AGP has a new CEO, Martin P. Reagan. “In 
ﬁ scal 2001, AGP began to divest its U.S. and Caribbean 
feed operations, its swine business, and its Sherman, Texas, 
reﬁ nery, ending its relationship with Archer Daniels Midland 
(ADM) in these businesses.” “Through a transaction with 
ADM in ﬁ scal 2001, AGP divested itself of Consolidated 
Nutrition which was jointly (50-50) owned by the two 
companies. In a related transaction, AGP acquired ADM’s 
share of Masterfeeds, the Canadian feed operation that had 
been equally owned by the two companies.”
 Pages 8, 10: “Tightening Links in the Value Chain: In 
a continued effort to link AGP with local cooperatives and 
local producers in the value chain, the already successful Oil 
Premium Program will be expanded in ﬁ scal 2002 to include 
a protein component. This program has had such an impact 
on AGP member cooperatives that for some, the amount of 
soybeans handled actually doubled in the program’s ﬁ rst year 
of implementation. With that in mind, AGP has been working 
with seed companies to develop a higher value soybean, one 
that provides a greater percentage of both oil and protein 
and thereby captures even more revenue for the cooperative 
system.
 “This program is one of AGP’s efforts in tightening 
the links in the value chain that connects the farmer to 
the customer. It is entirely possible that over time, the Oil 
Premium Program–now renamed the Soybean Component 
Premium Program–will be even further enhanced, with 
incentives for farmers to plant new varieties that will yield 
specialized food or feed requirements such as speciﬁ c oils, 
proteins, or amino acids. In all of this, AGP is continuing its 
effort to impact the future of soybean marketing, always for 
the beneﬁ t of its member-owners.
 “In light of the tragic events of September 11, 2001, 
especially as they relate to the unstable political climate 
in the Middle East, the domestic production of renewable 
alternative fuels, such as soydiesel and ethanol, will be 
increasingly examined as a way to reduce the United States’ 
dependence on foreign oil. AGP’s industrial products 
division is committed to remaining in the forefront of this 
long-term effort.”
 AGP will work for an increase in bio-fuel visibility and 
growth.
 AminoPlus is “AGP’s high performance dairy 
supplement” [bypass soy protein].
 Contains color photos of (1) Leiting and Lindsay. (4) 
The board of directors. (5) Management staff. Contains many 
color photos. AGP now has a website listed on the back 
cover: www.agp.com. Address: Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: 

=== PAGE 297 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   297
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
(402) 496-7809.
865. Business Trend Analysts, Inc. 2001. The market for fats 
and oils: Past performance, current trends, and strategies for 
growth. 2171 Jericho Turnpike, Commack, NY 11725. 549 p. 
Price: $1,495. *
• Summary: Contents: 1. The overall report. 2. The market 
for vegetable oil: The overall market, the market for soybean 
oil, for corn oil, cottonseed oil, sunﬂ owerseed oil, peanut oil, 
canola oil, olive oil, other vegetable oils (incl. linseed oil, 
coconut oil, palm oil and palm kernel oil, tall oil, tung oil, 
castor oil, sesame oil, cuphea, hemp oil, argan oil). 3. The 
market for animal fats and oils. 4. Edible end-use markets for 
fats and oils. 5. Inedible end-use markets for fats and oils. 
6. The impact of fat substitutes. 7. Industry structure and 
economics. 8. Competitor proﬁ les: Archer Daniels Midland, 
Cargill, Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives, ConAgra Foods, 
Philip Morris Companies, Procter & Gamble, Unilever.
 In Chapter 2, “The market for vegetable oil,” is a long 
section titled “The market for soybean oil.” Contents: 
Market overview (1990-2000, 2001E, 2002E, 2010P). 
Sales and consumption. Production trends. Foreign trade 
activity. Polymer coatings for seeds. Statistical tables: (1) 
U.S. manufacturers’ sales of soybean oil. (2) Total U.S. 
consumption of soybean oil. (3) Consumption of soybean oil: 
Edible vs. inedible end-uses. (4) Consumption of soybean 
oil in selected edible products: Salad and cooking oils, 
baking and frying oils, margarine, other edible products. (5) 
Consumption of soybean oil in selected inedible products: 
Resins and plastics, paint and varnish, other inedible 
products. Soybean oil production, prices, and supply. 
Soybeans: Supply, crushings, production, prices, and acreage 
planted and harvested. Worldwide production of soybean oil. 
Exports, imports, and U.S. apparent consumption. Exports 
as a percentage of U.S. manufacturers’ sales. U.S. exports 
and imports by country. Average dollar prices for exports and 
imports. Address: Commack, New York.
866. Givens, Joe. 2001. Fiftieth anniversary of the Dawson 
soybean plant. Speech presented at the Dawson Golf Club in 
Dawson, Minnesota. 9 p. 13 x 16 cm. cards.
• Summary: Begins by focusing on how the Dawson 
community beneﬁ ted from the presence of this cooperative 
soybean processing plant. Joe and his family lived in 
Dawson for nearly 30 years. Two of his daughters were born 
there and all three of his kids graduated from Dawson High 
School. Dawson Mills has been one of the most successful 
businesses in Western Minnesota. It has provided millions of 
dollars to the Dawson community in wages, taxes, and net 
savings (co-op language for earnings) distributed to member 
elevators. It has also meant millions of dollars in increased 
income to the farmers who grew the soybeans which were 
processed at the plant. Over the 28 years the Givens was 
manager, the plant’s average earnings were $1,250,000 a 
year. “Since the Dawson elevator was the largest Co-op 
patron, the Dawson community received a good share of this 
amount... The soybean plant was by far the largest tax payer 
in the school district.”
 On 26 Dec. 1951, right after Jim was offered the job 
of managing this plant, he called his wife, Mary, for her 
thoughts. She asked: “Will you be able to come home at 
nights?” When he said “yes,” she said “Grab it!” “At that 
time we had been married a little more than 2 years, during 
which time I had started up 6 soybean processing plants and 
has not spent many nights at home.”
 The main problems during the early days were lack of 
working capital (they were restricted much of the time to 
owning only 2 days supply of soybeans), solvent problems 
(with trichloroethylene), specialty meal (developed for 
west coat plywood glue was critical in getting the company 
through its ﬁ rst year).
 The plant was “shut down on Christmas Eve 1952 by 
order of the Minnesota Department of Dairy, Agriculture, 
and Food because of the dangers of using trichloroethylene. 
This was actually a good thing because we could then make 
claims against Crown Iron Works, the DuPont Co., and the 
Iowa State Foundation for a faulty process. These ﬁ rms 
owned the patents and the process. An agreement was rapidly 
reached that they would pay all the costs to convert the plant 
to use conventional hexane as the oil solvent. The conversion 
was made and the plant started up again in May 1953–the 
time lost was only 5 months... Surprisingly, we ended ﬁ scal 
1952 with only a modest loss and in ﬁ scal 1953 a small 
gain [proﬁ t] was made.” In 1955 they ﬁ nished paying off 
the original construction bills. That same year a truck scale 
to weigh the incoming beans and outgoing meal was ﬁ nally 
installed.
 “We made processing history in 1959 with the addition 
of a newly designed oil extractor... I had ideas to use 
different principles in the design of an extractor that would 
allow manufacture of extractors of very large capacity. 
The Crow Iron Works agreed to build this new extractor 
for us at their cost.” The new extractor was installed in 
1964, replacing the 1959 extractor. It “worked beautifully 
and our business grew rapidly the next few years.” “The 
new extractor had a bed of ﬂ akes 6 feet wide and 20 inches 
deep.” It’s capacity of 600 tons/day of soybeans was twice 
the capacity of the old extractor. In 1971 a second extractor, 
having a capacity of 700 tons/day was installed, giving 
Dawson a total capacity of 1,300 tons/day–although it 
was operated occasionally at 1,500 tons/day. “The Crown 
Iron Works oil [solvent] extraction systems, the principles 
of which were developed at Dawson, are now the most 
preferred systems in the world. The newest ones have huge 
capacities.” “Development of this new design was a team 
effort–a Dawson team.”
 The U.S. government had a program called Public 
Law 480, to help needy nations with their food supply. One 

=== PAGE 298 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   298
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
of the foods was bulgur wheat fortiﬁ ed with high protein 
soy grits. Dawson Mills’ extraction plant could make these 
grits. “Dawson Mills was a successful bidder for some of 
this business for a number of years. It was a very lucrative 
business which paid for additional processing equipment in 
about 2 months time.” Unfortunately, with a change in the 
federal administration, the USDA under Orville Freeman 
cancelled the soy grit fortiﬁ cation of the bulgur wheat.
 Several outside studies on the pro ﬁ tability of adding 
value to products by further processing concluded that 
manufacture of soy ﬂ our and textured soy ﬂ our would 
be very proﬁ table. The “Flour Tower” was built and its 
operation was successful. The ﬁ scal years ending 1973, 
1974, and 1975 were the most proﬁ table years in Dawson 
Mills’ history.
 Several more studies showed that the manufacture 
of non-meat ham, chicken, and beef based on the use of 
isolated soy protein would be very proﬁ table. As a result, a 
soy isolate plant was built and a Food Products Division was 
formed. The resulting products were of excellent quality and 
were well accepted by institutional buyers, such as the U.S. 
Army, U.S. prison systems, university food systems, etc. But 
the retail market was too tough a nut to crack. Unfortunately, 
the price of meat fell below the cost of production of these 
specialty food products.
 “Fiscal 1979 ending Aug. 31, the last year of operations 
as Dawson Mills, ended with positive net margins of $2.4 
million.” A few months later, in 1980, Dawson Mills merged 
with Land O’Lakes. Joe retired in early 1981. “I have not 
seen any reports to show the results of the operations of 
the Dawson soybean plant since it was acquired by AGP.” 
“Thank you for your kind attention.” Address: Dawson, 
Minnesota and Naples, Florida.
867. Jordan, Joe. 2002. U.S. agribusinesses take ﬁ rst steps in 
Cuba. Bluebook Update (Bar Harbor, Maine) 9(1):1, 7. Jan/
March.
• Summary: In Nov. 2001 Hurricane Michelle devastated 
parts of Cuba, severely damaging crops and killing ﬁ ve 
people. While continuing to enforce its 38 year old embargo, 
the U.S. government responded by easing some sanctions 
last year. ADM, Cargill Inc., and Riceland Foods have 
secured contracts to sell soy, corn, rice, wheat and other 
staples to Cuba. Cargill will ship 10,000 tons of crude soy oil 
in January and February.
868. Feedstuffs. 2002. AGP to study feasibility of soydiesel 
plant. 74(15):23. April 5.
• Summary: Omaha, Nebraska–The board of directors of 
Ag Processing Inc. (AGP) board of directors announced on 
March 22 the initiation of a feasibility study to construct a 16 
million-gallon capacity soydiesel plant in Minnesota.
 Among the sites to be considered is Dawson, Minnesota, 
where AGP currently operates a soybean processing plant.
869. Marking, Syl. 2002. Breakthrough bean bonus: New 
technology and a bold move made it possible. Soybean 
Digest. April. p. 8-9.
• Summary: Ag Processing Inc. (AGP), a farmer-based 
cooperative based in Omaha, Nebraska, is the ﬁ rst company 
in the USA to start a system of value-based pricing, where 
they pay more for soybeans with a higher oil content–
according to Mike Marnell, AGP’s vice president of member 
and corporate relations. Called “The Premium Program,” it 
is a joint initiative of AGP, Iowa State University, the Iowa 
Soybean Promotion Board, local cooperatives and producers. 
The program–which Marnell says has been well received–
started on a limited basis in the fall of 1999, expanded in 
2000, and added a protein premium in 2001. AGP paid about 
$2.5 million in oil premiums on the year 2000 crop. Marnell 
sees this as the beginning of what could be the future of 
soybean marketing.
 The key to the program is the near-infrared (NIR) whole 
grain analyzer, which takes slightly more than a minute to 
determine the oil and protein content of the sample. The 
analysis is linked to ofﬁ ce computers, which calculate the 
premium and make that payment right with the settlement 
check as it goes through the doors. Researchers says this 
kind of program is long overdue.
 The company has six crushing plants in Iowa and one 
each in Missouri, Nebraska, and Minnesota.
 Note: This is the earliest English-language document 
seen (Aug. 2021) that contains the term “value-based 
pricing” in connection with soybeans.
870. Murray, Shailagh. 2002. Will a ‘temporary’ fuel subsidy 
ever die? A biodiesel tax break could enjoy a long life, as 
25-year-old ethanol grants show. Politics & policy. Wall 
Street Journal. May 9. p. A4.
• Summary: In 1977 Congress began to subsidize ethanol, 
a corn based fuel, to help the industry get started. That 
was 25 years ago, and the subsidy still exists. The General 
Accounting Ofﬁ ce, the investigative arm of Congress, says 
the various ethanol incentives / subsidies have cost taxpayers 
as much as $15 billion. Today, ethanol is the third largest use 
of corn, ahead of cereals and sweeteners.
 ADM, which processes more corn and soybeans than 
any single country in the world, is enthusiastic about both 
ethanol and biodiesel subsidies. ADM is now considering 
building a biodiesel plant in Minnesota. An important ﬁ rst 
step is securing an exemption from the federal excise tax on 
motor fuels. The most widely sold form of biodiesel today 
blends 20% biodiesel with 80% conventional (petroleum-
based) diesel. The pending legislation in the Senate’s energy 
bill would reduce by one cent the 24.4 cents-a-gallon federal 
excise tax for each 1% of biodiesel in a blend, up to a 
maximum of 20 cents. That would eliminate the price gap for 
20% biodiesel.

=== PAGE 299 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   299
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 Rudolf Diesel (1858-1913), the German mechanical 
engineer who built the engine named after him (starting in 
1896), envisioned that it would run on vegetable oils.
 Soybean growers have proceeded wisely and carefully 
in bringing biodiesel to market. They have spent $30 
million to clear environmental hurdles. They have worked 
to avoid charges that a tax break would amount to corporate 
welfare. Sales of biodiesel have recently risen dramatically: 
1999–500,000 gallons. 2000–5 million gallons. 2001–10 to 
15 million gallons. Ag Processing Inc., a Nebraska farmer-
owned cooperative, makes biodiesel.
 Politics: The soybean and biodiesel industries don’t 
have political-action committees (PACs) to make campaign 
contributions. But they do have people–farmers in key farm 
states. And they have congressmen in important and often 
tight political races. GOP House Speaker Dennis Hastert is 
from Illinois, ADM’s home and the top ethanol-producing 
state.
 A recipe for making biodiesel (from the National 
Biodiesel Board) is printed on a recipe card: Harvest 
soybeans. Make soybean oil. Mix with alcohol and a catalyst, 
such as caustic soda. Boil at about 160ºC. Wait 1-8 hours 
to get a mix of glycerin and biodiesel. Allow glycerin to 
settle and separate it from the remaining liquid. Remove 
excess alcohol and catalyst. Clear, amber-colored biodiesel 
is now ready to use. Republicans now embrace a renewable-
fuels standard on the basis of national security. Address: 
Washington, DC.
871. Hammond, Gary. 2002. Brief history of Central Soya 
since the company was acquired by Disney, then Ferruzzi. 
The acquisition by Bunge will probably happen later this 
year (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. Aug. 16. Conducted by 
William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: An excellent overview of the years after Central 
Soya disappeared from public view.
 1985 April 2–An investment group led by Roy E. 
Disney (Walt Disney’s nephew) and his Shamrock Holdings 
acquires Central Soya.
 1987 Oct–The Ferruzzi Group of Italy acquires Central 
Soya from Shamrock Holdings. Shamrock made a proﬁ t of 
$125 million.
 2002 Oct. 15–Bunge buys Cereol, of France, which 
owns Central Soya. Bunge wants to be the largest U.S. and 
North American oilseed crusher and the world’s leading 
soybean crusher. Bunge is already No. 1 in South America in 
soybean processing. When Bunge buys Cereol it will also get 
4 oilseed crushing plants in Canada–CanAmera in Toronto 
plus 3 canola plants.
 Central Soya presently has various soybean crushing 
plants in the USA; 1 in Gibson city where he is located; 2 
in Indiana; 3 in Ohio. Even now, Central Soya is not as big 
as Bunge which has soybean crushing plants in Danville, 
Illinois; Council Bluffs, Iowa (the biggest soybean crushing 
plant in the USA).
 The top ﬁ ve soybean crushers in the USA today are 
probably ADM, Cargill, Bunge, Central Soya, then AGP.
 Note: On July 22 Bunge Ltd., North America’s leading 
soybean processor, announced an agreement to acquire a 
majority stake in Cereol S.A., the Paris-based parent of 
Central Soya Co., headquartered in Fort Wayne, Indiana. 
Cereol was created last June. Provimi was the feed side. The 
Italian government kept the energy business, and sold off the 
other three companies.
 Recently Bunge sold shares and went public in order to 
buy Cereol. Address: Commodities Manager, Gibson City, 
Illinois. Phone: 1-800-252-6941.
872. Duffey, Patrick. 2002. Heavy debt pulls Farmland into 
Chapter 11: new CEO Terry leads reorganization effort. 
Rural Cooperatives 69(3):11, 38. July/Aug.
• Summary: Farmland Industries of Kansas City, Missouri, 
ﬁ led for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on 31 May 2002. 
Firms seek protection from creditors under Chapter 11 while 
they reorganize their business. Farmland is “changing from 
a commodity-based farm supply business with huge cycles 
and small margins to a more stable, high-margin foods 
business,...” The transition is not yet complete.
 Note: Wikipedia says (Oct. 2017): “Farmland Industries 
was the largest agricultural cooperative in North America 
when it eventually sold all of its assets in 2002-04. During its 
74-year history, Farmland served its farmer membership as a 
diversiﬁ ed, integrated organization, playing a signiﬁ cant role 
in agricultural markets both domestically and worldwide.
 “The Farmland brand and its slogan ‘Good Food 
From the Heartland’ are now owned by Smithﬁ eld Foods, 
the largest pork producer and processor in the world, but 
Farmland Foods, Inc. operates independently and continues 
to market meat products under the ‘Farmland’ brand. 
Farmland Foods serves both domestic and international 
markets and has revenues in excess of $3.5 billion annually.” 
Address: Information Specialist, USDA Rural Development.
873. Lundeen, Tim. 2002. West Central Cooperative opens 
new soydiesel plant in Ralston. Feedstuffs 74(36):27. Sept. 2.
• Summary: On Aug. 21 West Central opened the largest soy 
biodiesel plant in the U.S.
 “The $6 million InterWest plant will be able to produce 
12 million gallons of soydiesel fuel per year from the coop’s 
own soybean oil. The facility was built adjacent to an older 
and smaller plant that will become the cooperative’s soy fuel 
research and development laboratories (Feedstuffs, June 3).”
874. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 2002. Annual 
report. 12700 West Dodge Road, P.O. Box 2047, Omaha, 
Nebraska 68103-2047. 38 + 20 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 2002 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$1,801.561 million, up 0.7% from $1,788.610 million in 

=== PAGE 300 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   300
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
2001. Earnings from continuing operations (before income 
taxes): $39.150 million, down 15% from the $46.038 million 
in 2001.
 “Our cooperative system is well positioned to further 
develop opportunities which require strict adherence to 
identity preservation and food safety. Working through 
members enabled AGP to expand its non-GMO program in 
ﬁ scal 2002 and placed increased importance in our value-
based pricing system. This year they we will be expanding 
component pricing to include contract production of non-
GMO and AGP preferred seed varieties.”
 “Sales of SoyGold biodiesel fuel increased in ﬁ scal 
2002, thanks in large part to AGP members and farmers who 
responded to our call for action to increase usage of this 
renewable fuel.”
 AGP will continue to “differentiate products and 
services in order to de-commoditize some of the products 
we produce.” Contains many color photos. Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska. Phone: (402) 496-7809.
875. Duffey, Patrick. comp. 2002. Newsline: West Central 
opens Iowa’s largest soydiesel plant. Rural Cooperatives 
69(5):33. Sept/Oct.
• Summary: “With an eye toward helping the nation wean 
its dependence on foreign oil, West Central Cooperative 
of Ralston, Iowa, has opened the nation’ largest soydiesei 
processing plant. The $6 million facility, located next to the 
cooperative’s soybean processing plant, will turn 10 million 
bushels of locally grow soybeans into 12 million gallons of 
soydiesel fuel for diesel markets across North America.”
876. ASA Today (St. Louis, Missouri). 2002. The present 
and future of soy products in Russia: Demand growing for 
quality products and technical assistance. 9(1):4-page insert 
after p. 2. Oct/Nov.
• Summary: On 25 December 1991 the Soviet Union broke 
up into 15 independent republics. Since then, the 145 million 
people in the Russian Republic have struggled to build 
a democratic political system and a new market-driven 
economy. Before that time, millions of tons of U.S. soybeans 
and soybean meal were imported to the USSR; Today, 
total imports are lower, and mostly in the form of soybean 
oil. Michael Moditch, director of the American Soybean 
Association’s ofﬁ ce in Moscow, says approximately one 
million tonnes (metric tons) of U.S. soybeans are processed 
in Europe, then come to Russia in the form of soybean 
oil (600,000 tonnes projected in 2002), which is used in 
margarine and mayonnaise in Russia. The use of soybean 
meal in poultry production is steadily increasing.
 Because of its northerly latitude and cold climate, Russia 
cannot grow more than about 300,000 tonnes of soybeans a 
year. But an intensive poultry industry in Russia will need 
1.2 to 1.5 million tonnes.
 The use of soy protein ingredients in Russian foods 
is growing. Biostar has a branch in St. Petersburg that 
distributes soy protein concentrates and isolates; they sell 
250 tonnes a month. They are used mainly by the meat 
industry, in mayonnaise, and confectionery. Typical Russians 
presently regard soy products as cheap synthetic replacers for 
regular products; they are generally not aware of the health 
beneﬁ ts of soy products. The forecast is for growth, since 
there is a serious protein shortage in Russian diets. Envoy 
International is a company in St. Petersburg that imports and 
trades American soy products, such as soybean ﬂ our and 
ﬂ akes, produced by Cenex Harvest States in Minnesota.
 STEP is the Soybean Trade Expansion Program.
877. Kaplan, J. Kim. 2002. For you, the consumer. 
Agricultural Research (USDA) 50(12):4-9. Dec.
• Summary: A color photo on the top half of the ﬁ rst 
page shows many soy products, both foods and Industrial 
products, including: Kaukauna Nacho Cheese, Yves Veggie 
Tofu Wieners, ProSobee soy formula, NutriGrain energy 
bars, Betty Crocker Creamy deluxe, Wish-Bone salad 
dressing, Edensoy soymilk, Mori-Nu Tofu, Ken & Robert’s 
Veggie Burgers, SoyGold industrial solvent, Natural Touch 
Okara Pattie, soy ink and a newspaper printed with it.
 Many “products that people use every day could 
justiﬁ ably carry the stamp ‘Courtesy of ARS Research.’” 
Omaha Steaks began offering irradiated hamburger patties 
and ground beef in November 2000–to be sure it is free of 
Escherichia coli O157:H7, bacteria that can cause serious, 
even life-threatening illness. Today all the 6.5 million 
pounds of ground beef they sell is irradiated, which means 
it is treated with “ionizing radiation produced by cobalt and 
cesium atoms, machine-produced X-rays, or electron beams. 
Treated meat in no way becomes radioactive.” Final FDA 
approval for irradiation treatment of meat came in Feb. 2000.
 Nutrim, a product similar to Oatrim developed by 
USDA’s Agricultural Research Service (ARS), is now being 
used to make vegan, organic chocolate trufﬂ es. Mrs. Mudd’s 
Inc. (Oceanside, California) makes the delicious products; 
Nutrim ﬂ ows like heavy dairy cream or coconut cream.
 Tifsport is a variety of bermuda grass developed for 
football and soccer ﬁ elds, and golf courses. Address: USDA-
ARS Information Staff, 55601 Sunnyside Ave., Beltsville, 
Maryland 20705-5128. Phone: 301-504-1637.
878. Pho, Van H. 2002. An inquiry into the possible tradeoffs 
between antitrust enforcement and employment. PhD thesis, 
American University, Washington, DC. x + 300 p. 28 cm. [54 
ref]
• Summary: On pages 63-73 is a case study of Archer-
Daniels-Midland Co. (ADM). The centerpiece of this study 
is Table 5 titled “Summary of Archer-Daniels-Midland 
business activity” (July 1923 to July 1998). The table has 
two columns: date and business activity. Here are some 
examples:

=== PAGE 301 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   301
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 July 1923–Acquired the properties of Midland Linseed 
Products Co. for $3,175.000. This company formed in 1898 
operated linseed oil mills adjoining those of Archer-Daniels 
Linseed Co. at Minneapolis, Toledo and Edgewater.
 1965 Sept.–Acquired Galesburg Soy Products Co. for 
cash.
 1968–Acquired Ross & Rowe, Inc. [lecithin processors] 
for 6,000 shares.
 1969 Nov.–Acquired First Interoceanic Corp. and about 
88% ownership of the National City Bank, Minneapolis.
 1971 April–Acquired 50% interest in Corn Sweeteners 
Inc.
 1973 Jan.–Acquired 50% of British Arkady Holdings 
Ltd., which subsequently acquired British Arkady Co., Ltd., 
England.
 1974 Jan.–Purchased a soybean processing plant and 
edible oil reﬁ nery at Araraquara, State of Sao Paulo, Brazil; 
purchased Oliefabriek De Ploeg B.V . and its subsidiary 
Oliefabriek De Merwede B.V .; purchased ADM do Brasil 
Produtos Agricolas, Ltda, Agriproducts, Inc. (Cayman 
Islands) and Ardanco S.A. (Spain).
 1975–Acquired the remaining 50% interest in 
CornSweeteners Inc. and merged into Co.
 1978–Merged with Ross & Rowe, Inc.
 1982 Dec.–Acquired a substantial part of Toepfer 
International Shareholdings.
 1987 June–Acquired Gold Kist soybean processing plant 
at Valdosta, Georgia, from Gold Kist, Inc.
 This case study also contains 4 interesting ﬁ gures (Figs. 
8-11) about Archer-Daniels-Midland.
 “Figure 8. Archer-Daniels-Midland employment as a 
share of manufacturing sector and industry employment for 
the years 1979-1999
 “Figure 9. Archer-Daniels-Midland sales as a share of 
manufacturing sector and industry sales for the years 1979-
1999
 “Figure 10. Archer-Daniels-Midland sales per employee 
for the years 1979–1999
 “Figure 11. Comparison of employment levels between 
Archer-Daniels-Midland and ConAgra for the years 1979-
1999.” Address: Dep. of Economics, Faculty of Arts and 
Sciences, American Univ., Washington, DC.
879. ASA Today (St. Louis, Missouri). 2003. Value-added 
makes sense for growers: Ag Processing Inc. 9(8):4. June.
• Summary: AGP now has non-GMO grower contracts in 
Iowa, based on its long experience with Identity Preserved 
soybean meal. In 2003, non-GMO grower contract premiums 
range from 27 to 45 cents per bushel. For more information: 
www.agp.com.
880. Richter, Steve. 2003. From ﬁ eld to fuel and back: 
A growing number of producers complete the circle by 
blending soy-based biodiesel with Ruby Fieldmaster B2 for 
premium performance. Cooperative Partners. May/June. p. 
8-9.
• Summary: Cenex Ruby Fieldmaster B2 is made by the 
energy division of CHS Cooperatives. B2 is a 20% blend of 
soy-based biodiesel with 80% petroleum-based diesel fuel. 
Sales of biodiesel climbed from 5 million gallons in 2000 to 
25 million gallons in 2002.
881. Andreas, Lowell. 2003. History of work with soybeans 
(Interview). SoyaScan Notes. July 9. Conducted by William 
Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Lowell grew up the youngest of six children, 
who were born in the following order: Osborn (born in 
1903), Albert, Lenore (the only sister), Glenn, Dwayne (born 
4 March 1918), and Lowell (born in 1922). Their parents 
were married in Sterling, Illinois, on 27 Nov. 1902, and soon 
moved to Minnesota. Four of the ﬁ ve boys (except Osborn, 
who later became a concert pianist with the Washington 
Symphony Orchestra, English teacher, and author), shared an 
almost lifelong involvement in the family’s feed and oilseed 
processing businesses. Osborn was also involved, but only 
brieﬂ y in the mid-1930s.
 In about 1927 Lowell’s father, Reuben P. Andreas, 
started a feed compounding business named R.P. Andreas 
& Son, in Lisbon, Iowa; the “Son” was Albert. He obtained 
his soybean meal from A.E. Staley Mfg. Co. in Decatur, 
Illinois; the meal did not come from Joe Sinaiko [who began 
processing soybeans in the spring of 1928 at Iowa Milling 
Co. in Cedar Rapids, Iowa]. Reuben’s products were sold 
as “Andy’s Feeds.” In 1934 Reuben took three more sons 
(Osborn, Glen, and Dwayne) into the business and changed 
its name to R.P. Andreas & Sons. Lowell, the youngest, was 
still in high school.
 In 1938, on the advice of his son, Dwayne (who was 
so advised that year by Mr. A.E. Staley), Reuben decided to 
start a soybean processing company in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. 
The family bought an animal feed manufacturing mill in 
Cedar Rapids, contracted for a soybean processing plant to 
be built next to it, and imported solvent extraction equipment 
from Italy; the manufacturer may have been Bonotto. Next 
to the solvent extraction plant they had a livestock feed plant 
built. The family (Reuben, Lowell, Dwayne, Glen) moved 
to Cedar Rapids (12 miles to the northwest) and in 1938 
the new company, named Honeymead Products Co., began 
processing soybeans into oil and meal.
 The name “Honeymead” was coined by one of Lowell’s 
brothers (he does not remember which one) in about 1938 in 
Lisbon, Iowa. The company was incorporated in Iowa.
 In about 1944 Honeymead bought land in Washington, 
Iowa, and had a soybean crushing plant built on it. Shortly 
thereafter Honeymead had another soybean crushing plant 
built in Spencer, Iowa. The soybean oil and meal from both 
plants were sold on the open market.
 Note: In May 1945 Cargill purchased the Honeymead 

=== PAGE 302 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   302
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
plant at Cedar Rapids, Iowa. By March 1947 Cargill also 
owned the former Honeymead plants in Spencer, Iowa, and 
Washington, Iowa. Reuben Andreas, Lowell’s father, was an 
entrepreneur and a good businessman. His sons learned much 
about business from him. Lowell recalls, “We never talked 
about sports at the dinner table.” Reuben was a Mennonite 
in his youth, but Lowell recalls that “we did not grow up in 
a Mennonite home–even though Dwayne likes to eulogize 
about that”–his Mennonite upbringing and values. Reuben 
remained actively involved on a day-to-day basis with the 
family solvent extraction plants and the businesses until they 
were sold to Cargill.
 Glen, Dwayne, and Lowell Andreas each learned a 
lot about soybean processing from Joe Sinaiko–who let 
them (his competitors) observe operations in his plant in 
Cedar Rapids. “In those days, there was room for a lot of 
competitors,” Lowell recalls. “Joe was honest and stuck by 
his word.” He also recalls learning about controlling the 
moisture in the soybeans being processed and the moisture 
in the meal being sold, controlling the fat content of the 
meal produced, and doing everything with a few people as 
possible. Lowell did this by observation in Joe’s plant; Joe 
never “taught” these things to the Andreas brothers.
 Lowell’s mother, Lydia, died in 1938, when he was age 
16. Lowell’s father, Reuben Andreas, had several strokes 
during World War II (which removed him from business 
life), later remarried, and died in about 1958.
 Lowell ﬁ rst attended Wheaton College in Illinois for 
2 years, then went for 2 more years to the University of 
Iowa in Iowa City. He majored in philosophy (medieval) at 
both places. Today Lowell believes that philosophy, which 
taught him to think, reason, and concentrate on a subject, is 
an excellent major for business leaders–much better than an 
MBA degree. Reuben was the only member of the Andreas 
family who entered the military during World War II. He 
volunteered and served in the Army Medical Corps in the 
U.S. for 4½ years; he was in limited service because of his 
eyesight, so he developed plans to train medics. During the 
war he married Nadine Hamilton. After the war he returned 
to Cedar Rapids, where he worked in one of the family 
owned businesses that insured turkeys; he was an adjustor 
for turkey insurance for about a year, then the family heard 
that a soybean plant in Mankato [Mankato Soybean Products 
Co.] was for sale.
 In 1947 Dwayne and Lowell bought that plant and 
renamed it Honeymead, and Lowell and his wife moved 
to Mankato from Cedar Rapids to run the plant; “Dwayne 
was the visionary; I was the manager.” Dwayne continued 
to reside in Minneapolis, where he was vice-president of 
Cargill, but he would visit the Mankato plant from time to 
time.
 In 1960 Dwayne and Lowell sold the Honeymead 
plant in Mankato to the Farmers Union Grain Terminal 
Association (GTA). Lowell had a contract with GTA to 
manage the company for them for 10 years. After the 
sale, in 1964 Dwayne and Lowell started National City 
Bank in Minneapolis; it was Dwayne’s idea, but Lowell 
was interested in ﬁ nance and had it looked like a good 
business to be in. In 1965 Shreve “Bud” Archer, Jr. of ADM 
offered to sell Dwayne and Lowell a block of ADM stock 
[100,000 shares at about half its book value, for a total of 
$3.3 million], which amounted to effective control or the 
company, if they would agree to come in and run ADM–a 
company that was in decline, had too many workers and was 
very poorly managed. Dwayne and Lowell saw ADM as a 
company with great potential if they could turn it around. 
Dwayne owned 60% of the block of stock and Lowell owned 
40%.
 Both Dwayne and Lowell moved to Minneapolis, 
where ADM was headquartered. Lowell stayed there 
for 1 year. Both men quickly realized that ADM needed 
“total reorganization” and the ﬁ rst step required moving 
the headquarters from Minneapolis to Decatur, Illinois,–
where they built a new ofﬁ ce building. All employees were 
offered their same jobs in Decatur or generous severance 
pay if they chose not to move. ADM lost 200 people in the 
move–without laying off anyone and without problems. 
Downsizing was the main reason for the move, yet the 
employees felt they had been treated fairly. By early 1967 
Lowell was executive vice president of ADM, and by mid-
1968 he was president–focusing on processing and trading. 
In about 1967 Lowell moved to Decatur with the company, 
but he told Dwayne at the time that, if he could afford to, 
he would like to retire at age 50–his ambition since he had 
gone into business. At age 49 Lowell reminded Dwayne that 
he had one year left and that he had hired and groomed the 
man (Donald B. Walker, former vice president of Ralston 
Purina, and a good friend) to replace him. True to his word, 
Lowell retired in 1972 at age 50 and moved with his wife 
back to Mankato. He still owns his ADM stock and today 
he has residences in Mankato, Naples (Florida, on the Gulf 
of Mexico), and Grand Cayman (Cayman Islands, in the 
Caribbean northwest of Jamaica). Lowell has a daughter, 
Pamela, and a son, David. Dwayne has one son, but he can 
never return to ADM. Address: Mankato, Minnesota.
882. CHS–Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives. 2003. History 
highlights of CHS (Website printout–part). www.chsco-ops.
com 7 p. Retrieved July 18.
• Summary: “Cenex Harvest States was formed in 1998 by a 
merger between two regional cooperatives, Cenex, Inc. and 
Harvest States Cooperatives. The following highlights are 
key dates in the history of CHS.”
 1929–North Paciﬁ  c Grain Growers, Inc. (NPGG) is 
organized as a regional cooperative, with 60 afﬁ liated local 
cooperatives. The original 17-member board of directors 
holds its ﬁ rst meeting on 19 Dec. 1929 at Lewiston, Idaho.
 1931–Cenex, originally the Farmers Union Central 

=== PAGE 303 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   303
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Exchange, is founded Jan. 15. First ofﬁ ces are in downtown 
St. Paul, Minnesota.
 1938–The Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association 
(GTA) opens for business in St. Paul, Minnesota, on 
June 1 with 121 afﬁ liated cooperatives. The new regional 
cooperative operates one terminal elevator in St. Paul and 
two branch ofﬁ ces in Duluth, Minnesota, and Great Falls, 
Montana. NPGG moves it ofﬁ ce to Portland, Oregon.
 1960–GTA purchases the Honeymead soybean 
processing plant [Mankato, Minnesota] and the Archer 
Daniels Midland elevator line in southern Minnesota.
 1975–GTA begins leasing the St. Paul Number Two 
Terminal, a corn and soybean barge-loading terminal on the 
Mississippi River.
 1977–The Honeymead division of GTA purchases 
Holsum Foods of Waukesha, Wisconsin.
 1979–Member-owners purchase more than $1 billion in 
goods and services from Cenex.
 1981–Cenex marks 50 years of service to agriculture, 
serving over 1,500 cooperatives in 15 states.
 1983 June 1–North Paciﬁ  c Grain Growers (NPGG) and 
GTA merge to form Harvest States Cooperatives.
 1987–Cenex joins with Land O’Lakes to form the 
Cenex/Land O’Lakes Ag Services marketing joint venture.
 1992–Harvest States reorganizes Holsum Foods and 
Honeymead to form the Grain and Food Processing Group. 
Holsum Foods division acquires Gregg’s Foods, Portland, 
Oregon.
 1993–Cenex members of ﬁ cially adopt Cenex, Inc. as 
the regional cooperative’s name. The Holsum Foods division 
acquires Miami Margarine Co., Cincinnati, Ohio.
 1995–Harvest States’ annual grain volume tops 1 billion 
bushels for the ﬁ rst time in history.
 1996–Harvest States reorganizes: Oilseed Processing 
& Reﬁ ning represents Honeymead and related processing / 
reﬁ ning interests.
 1997–Harvest States forms two de ﬁ ned business 
units–Wheat Milling and Oilseed Processing & Reﬁ ning–
and offers members opportunities for direct investment 
and returns on Equity Participation Units. Also: Plans are 
announced for a new soybean processing and reﬁ ning 
operation near the Minnesota–South Dakota border.
 1998 June 1–Cenex and Harvest States unite to become 
Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives, an integrated agricultural 
foods system linking producers to consumers.
 1999–Cenex Harvest States posts $86 million in net 
income on sales of $6.3 billion for ﬁ scal 1999.
 2000–CHS Cooperatives is adopted as the name used for 
the company, a long with a new logo.
 2001–CHS ends its deﬁ  ned investment program that 
allowed producers to participate directly in its wheat milling 
and soybean processing operations.
 2002 April–Harvest States division of CHS Cooperatives 
breaks ground at the construction site of its second soybean 
crushing facility just outside Fairmont, Minnesota. Note: 
Production start-up is scheduled for early Oct. 2003 and a 
community open-house is planned for early September. This 
plant will be able to crush more than 220,000 bushels/day of 
soybeans. Situated on 26 acres of a larger 200-acre site, the 
plant will start with 40 new employees.
 2003–Harvest States, the grains and foods division 
of CHS Cooperatives, announces the opening of Harvest 
States do Brasil Ltda. in Sao Paulo, Brazil, a wholly owned 
subsidiary originating and marketing soybeans from Brazil 
to customers nationwide in the USA. Address: St. Paul, 
Minnesota.
883. National Cooperative Business Association. 2003. 
Co-op primer: Signiﬁ cant dates in co-op history (Website 
printout–part). www.ncba.org Retrieved July 24.
• Summary: “1752–The ﬁ rst successful cooperative was 
organized in the United States when Benjamin Franklin 
formed the Philadelphia Contributionship for the Insurance 
of Houses from Loss by Fire [Pennsylvania]–the oldest 
continuing cooperative in the U.S.
 “1844–The Rochdale Equitable Pioneers Society was 
established in Rochdale, England. These pioneers wrote 
down a set of principles to operate their food cooperative 
which contributed to their success and spread to their 
cooperatives around the world. The successful establishment 
of the cooperative in Rochdale marks the beginning of the 
modern cooperative era.
 “1865–Michigan passed what is believed to be the 
ﬁ rst law recognizing the cooperative method of buying and 
selling.
 “1895–The International Cooperative Alliance (ICA) 
was established. Today over 200 national cooperative 
organizations representing 92 nations belong to ICA, the 
apex organization of all national cooperative movements.”
 “1916–The ﬁ rst national cooperative association was 
formed–now known as the National Cooperative Business 
Association.
 “1922–Congress passed the Capper-V olstead Act [as a 
consequence of depressed agricultural prices after World War 
I] allowing farmers to act together to market their products 
without being in violation of antitrust laws.
 “1920s & 30s–Congress established governmental 
agencies–the Farm Credit Administration (1929), the 
National Credit Union Administration (1934) and the Rural 
Electriﬁ cation Administration (1936)–to provide loans and 
assistance to cooperatives.” Address: 1401 New York Ave., 
NW, Suite 1100, Washington, DC 20005. Phone: (202) 638-
6222.
884. Dreeszen, Dave. 2003. Smithﬁ eld defends proposed 
purchase of Farmland division. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). 
July 31. p. A1.
• Summary: Farmland Industries is bankrupt. Smithﬁ eld 

=== PAGE 304 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   304
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Foods, the world’s largest pork processor, recently agreed to 
buy the assets of Farmland’s pork division for $36.5 million 
in cash–saying it represents the best chance to reverse 
the fortunes of the bankrupt cooperative. Some farmers, 
politicians, and consumer groups object to the deal, noting 
that it would give Smithﬁ eld one third of the U.S. pork 
processing market. Address: Journal staff writer.
885. Ag Processing Inc (AGP). 2003. Fire or explosion in 
solvent extraction plant. Sergeant Bluff, Iowa. Aug. 29.
• Summary: Koehler, Mike. 2003. “AGP explosion injures 8: 
Three victims are in critical condition. Soybean processing 
plant was closed for maintenance.” Sioux City Journal 
(Iowa). Aug. 30. p. A1, A3.
 Kingsbaker, C. Louis. 2005. “List of ﬁ res and explosions 
in extraction plants.” Atlanta, Georgia. 3 p. Aug. 4. 
Unpublished manuscript.
 Letter (e-mail) from Bill Lester, former manager of this 
plant. 2005. Aug. 10. The date of this explosion was 29 Aug. 
2003. After many months of investigation it was concluded 
that this was a hexane explosion, but the ignition source was 
never determined. The two people who could have helped 
to determine the source were badly burned in the explosion 
and later died of their injuries; it was very tragic. The plant 
was in the process of being remodeled at the time, with new 
equipment and increased capacity. The plant was down for 
almost a year. Note: About 6 articles on the explosion were 
published in the Sioux City Journal. Sergeant Bluff is a very 
small town on the southeast corner of Sioux City (population 
85,000), about 10 miles from the city center; it is almost a 
suburb.
 Letter (e-mail) from Lou Kingsbaker. 2005. Aug. 12. 
“Six other men were injured in the blast: Richard Scott, 24, 
and Patrick Swanson, 44, both of Sioux City; Dusty Hannah, 
26, of Moville, Iowa; William Beck, 47, of Onawa, Iowa; 
Carl Parker, 40, Eagle Grove, Iowa, and Eric Ploen, 23, of 
Kingsley, Iowa. They have all been released from medical 
institutions.” Lou worked for Bill Lester, who was in charge 
of two Anderson Clayton plants in Phoenix and Chowchilla, 
California. Lou “spent several weeks in Phoenix and some 
months in Chowchilla. Both plants were disasters and I was 
hired to upgrade the Chowchilla plant and make a safety 
survey at Phoenix.” This was in about 1990.
 Talk with Lou Kingsbaker. 2005. Aug. 20. One of the 
survivors was Carl Parker, Jr., whose lungs were badly 
burned by this ﬁ re. Lou knew Carl Parker, Sr. quite well. 
Petroleum burns are worse than most other burns. A burn 
prevents one’s skin from breathing, and thus can be quite 
fatal. Lou made a consulting trip to this plant in 1984. 
Construction of the original plant was completed in 1975; 
it was a Crown Iron Works plant with two dual lines. The 
plant was ﬁ nanced by the school teachers of New York; they 
loaned the money from the pension plan to the company 
building the plant. They hired him to see how the plant was 
being run and the condition it was in. Address: Sergeant 
Bluff, Iowa.
886. Koehler, Mike. 2003. AGP explosion injures 8: Three 
victims are in critical condition. Soybean processing plant 
was closed for maintenance. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). Aug. 
30. p. A1, A3.
• Summary: An explosion on Friday morning, Aug. 29, at 
about 9 a.m., at Ag Processing Inc., injured 8 people (all of 
them AGP employees), 3 of them critically, “with trauma 
from the blast along with heat and chemical burns.” The blast 
occurred at the “at the soybean processing facility located 
at 2753 Port Neal Road in an industrial area west of Salix 
near the Missouri River.” At the time of the blast, the plant 
was not operating and was down for maintenance. Presently, 
the cause of the explosion is unknown and a complete 
investigation is underway.
 The victims, taken directly to Mercy Medical Center in 
Sioux City, are: Kyle Keck (age 22, critical), Mark Croghan 
(45, critical), Eric Ploen (23, critical), Dustin “Dusty” 
Hannah (26, serious), Richard Scott (24, released), William 
Beck (47, released), Patrick Swanson (44, released). One 
more person remained hospitalized, in critical condition, 
at Mercy on Friday, but his name was not released at the 
request of his family.
 Hexane (n-hexane) has been identi ﬁ ed as one of the 
chemical components involved in the blast; it “is highly 
ﬂ ammable and its vapors can be explosive.” “The blast 
originated from the southwest corner of the extraction 
building where the hexane is used.” Some of the victims 
had third- and even fourth-degree burns, the most serious, 
which require long-term care. “One of the major concerns is 
inhalation burn injury” which damages the lungs.
 A large aerial photo shows the plant and many ﬁ re trucks 
after the explosion.
 A sidebar, titled “Ag Processing has headquarters in 
Omaha” [Nebraska], states: “Besides the Port Neal plant 
located southwest of Sergeant Bluff,... AGP operates ﬁ ve 
other soybean processing plants in Iowa.” “Founded in 1983, 
AGP now markets the products from 250,000 farmers from 
16 states. Those farmers represent 243 local cooperatives and 
eight regional cooperatives. AGP began in 1943 as Boone 
Valley Cooperative Processing in Eagle Grove.” Farmland 
Industries had formerly owned the plant on Port Neal Road.
 Note: This plant is usually said to be located at Sergeant 
Bluff, Iowa. Address: Journal staff writer.
887. Claeys, Jesse. 2003. Five remain hospitalized after 
blast [at AGP plant in rural Salix, Iowa]. Sioux City Journal 
(Iowa). Aug. 31. p. A1, A3.
• Summary: Five men are still hospitalized with heat and 
chemical burns. The investigation continues. Address: 
Journal staff writer.

=== PAGE 305 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   305
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
888. Corn and Soybean Digest. 2003. Build global demand: 
Are there enough soybean markets for everyone? Aug. p. 10.
• Summary: Al Ambrose of Harvest States (Inver Grove 
Heights, Minnesota) believes that the big issue is not that 
the USA is losing market share to Brazil, but that the USA 
and Brazil should work together to expand global demand 
for soybeans and products, and to expand purchasing power. 
He notes that world soybean production has increased, on 
average, by ten million tonnes (metric tons) in each of the 
past 7 years, and still supplies are tight, so soybean prices are 
high. Usage of soybean meal worldwide has risen by 87% 
over the past 12 years–a breathtaking growth rate. There is a 
huge global demand for food, but many people do not have 
the purchasing power to buy what they want. A color photo 
shows Al Ambrose standing by a map of the world. Address: 
Editor.
889. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). 2003. Fund established for 
victim of AGP blast. Sept. 3. p. A5.
• Summary: The fund will help to pay the medical expenses 
of Kyle Heck, age 22, who has burns to more than 75% of 
his body. Heck, the father of three, is now at the Clarkson 
Burn Unit at Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha. Doctors 
give him a 40% chance of survival.
890. Koehler, Mike. 2003. Last explosion victim identiﬁ ed. 
Sioux City Journal (Iowa). Sept. 4. p. A4.
• Summary: Carl L. Parker, age 40, of Eagle Grove, is the 
last victim to be identiﬁ ed. He received scalds and burns 
in the blast. He is in fair condition at St. Luke’s Regional 
Medical Center. Address: Journal staff writer.
891. Koehler, Mike. 2003. Hornick man hurt in AGP 
explosion dies. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). Sept. 10. p. A3.
• Summary: Kyle Heck, age 22, died on Aug. 29 at about 1 
a.m. at the Clarkson Burn Unit at Nebraska Medical Center 
in Omaha. He was engaged to Jenny Heath of rural Hornick, 
with whom he had had twins. He had worked at AGP for 
about 2 years, most recently in maintenance. The AGP plant 
had been shut down for scheduled maintenance at the time 
of the explosion. “The cause of the explosion remains under 
investigation by the Iowa State Fire Marshal’s Ofﬁ ce with 
the assistance of company ofﬁ cials...” Address: Journal staff 
writer.
892. Koehler, Mike. 2003. Probe continues in AGP 
explosion. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). Sept. 23. p. A3.
• Summary: The soybean processing plant is still idle as 
the accident is being investigated from several perspectives. 
Was the safety protocol followed? Were the process and 
equipment design safe? What were the process procedures? 
Address: Journal staff writer.
893. Koehler, Mike. 2003. Eagle Grove man, survivor of 
AGP explosion, released from hospital. Sioux City Journal 
(Iowa). Sept. 24. p. A1.
• Summary: Carl L. Parker, age 40 of Eagle Grove, Iowa, 
was released. He received severe burns on his face, ears, 
neck, both hands and both arms. His ears were burned 
severely enough to require skin grafts from both his legs. 
“His hands remain bandaged and in gloves because he also 
received skin grafts.” A large photo shows Carl Parker–
mainly head and gloved hands. Address: Journal staff writer.
894. Des Moines Register (Iowa). 2003. Dateline Iowa–
Sioux City: Man hurt in explosion released from hospital. 
Sept. 25. p. 5, col. 2.
• Summary: On Tuesday Carl Parker, age 40, was released 
from the burn unit at St. Luke’s Medical Center. On Aug. 29, 
he and 7 other workers at the Ag Processing Plant near Sioux 
City were injured after an explosion of hexane gas, used to 
extract vegetable oil from soybeans. Investigators are still 
trying to determine the cause of the explosion.
 “One worker, Kyle Heck, died from injuries suffered 
in the explosion. Another, Mark Crogan, remains in critical 
condition.” Address: Journal staff writer.
895. ASA Today (St. Louis, Missouri). 2003. Half the time to 
the Paciﬁ 
c Rim. 9(10):4-5. Sept.
• Summary: Ag Processing Inc. (AGP) or Omaha, Nebraska, 
is building a new custom export terminal at the port of Grays 
Harbor in Aberdeen, Washington. When AGP ships soybean 
meal to the West Coast, it is shipped in unit trains from 50 to 
100-plus cars at a time. The terminal will be able to load up 
to 40,000 metric tons of soybean meal at a time. Photos show 
3 views of the terminal and facilities.
896. Mescher, Kelly. 2003. Select Yield and Quality 
Initiative [SYQ]: Aims to steer farmers in new directions. 
Part III of a three part series. Iowa Soybean Review (Iowa 
Soybean Association, Urbandale, Iowa) 14(8):13. Summer.


=== PAGE 306 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   306
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
• Summary:  Across the top of the article” Investing 
Checkoff Dollars.”
 “Farmers in Iowa and the Upper Midwest frequently 
receive hidden discounts in the marketplace because their 
soybeans are low in protein and oil.
 “As mentioned in Parts I and II of this three-part series, 
farmers in Iowa and the Upper Midwest absorb those hidden 
market discounts because their soybeans often have less 
protein, making it difﬁ cult to achieve 47.5 percent protein 
meal–an industry standard.
 “In response, the United Soybean Board (USB) and 
several state checkoff boards have launched the Select 
Yield and Quality Initiative (SYQ) to inform producers of 
the markets reaction to low protein and oil. Through this 
checkoff dollar investment, they’re also communicating 
a sense of urgency and need for action in order to stay 
competitive on a global level, says Mark Winkle, USB’s 
commercial director for the Better Bean Initiative.”
 Note: This is the earliest document seen (Aug. 2021) 
that mentions the “Better Bean Initiative.”
 “’The SYQ Initiative was created to establish a 
framework to signiﬁ cantly increase crude protein levels in 
U.S. soybeans in order to meet industry standards for hi-
pro meal,’ says David Durham, USB chairman and Hardin, 
Missouri soybean producer.
 “’Convincing growers to choose varieties based on 
yield, agronomics and higher levels of protein and/or oil are 
positive steps Iowa producers can take to stay competitive in 
a global marketplace.
 “’We want U.S. soybeans to be viewed as highly 
valuable, and we believe this initiative will improve 
soybeans and help change perceptions,’ Durham continues.
 “USB is working with the soybean checkoff to 
increase industry standards by encouraging seed germplasm 
companies to select breeding lines based on protein and oil, 
and working with seed processing companies to develop 
procurement programs that pay growers a premium based on 
protein and oil content.
 “AGP is one company doing that already. Greg Twist, 
director of marketing, says AGP currently pays producers 
contracted through AGP a guaranteed minimum 5 cents 
per bushel premium for planting AGP approved varieties. 
Premium opportunities are also available for non-contracted 
growers.
 “Disconnect Exists Between Farmers and Processors: 
There’s a disconnection in the market though, Winkle 
says. The market pays soybean growers based on yield and 
volume, but the processors are purchasing for the protein and 
oil. Collaboration needs to take place for both farmers and 
processors to connect and achieve positive results at home 
and abroad.
 “’International markets are buying on quality, not price,’ 
Winkle says. ‘A key goal for producers is to increase their 
quality long term. This initiative is a platform to help address 
that.’
 “And that platform includes a number of well thought-
out communications tactics, says Jim Stillman, chairman 
of the Iowa Soybean Promotion Board and soybean 
producer from Emmetsburg, Iowa. Although planning is 
still in development, efforts may include a media blitz 
involving press conferences, direct mailings with inﬂ uential 
newspapers, magazines, radio and TV through this checkoff 
dollar investment.
 “’USB would also like to prepare farmer-leaders, staff 
and participating industry partners in the targeted states for 
presentations and question-and-answer sessions,’ Stillman 
says. ‘In addition, SYQ Elevator Days are being planned to 
test farmers’ soybeans at delivery for protein and oil levels.’”
 An illustration shows a large, stylized soybean.
897. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). 2003. Fund raiser will aid 
AGP burn victim. Oct. 2. p. A5.
• Summary: Two fund-raising efforts will help burn survivor 
Mark Croghan and his family to defray expenses not covered 
by insurance. He has third- and fourth-degree burns over 
80% of his body. Croghan and his wife, Carol, have two 
sons.
898. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). 2003. AGP explosion claims 
second life. Oct. 20. p. A3.
• Summary: Mark T. Croghan, age 45, died on Sat. Oct. 
20 at the Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha. He had been 
hospitalized since the Aug. 29 blast. Croghan worked as 
superintendent at the AGP plant.
899. AGP–Ag Processing Inc a cooperative. 2003. Annual 
report to members: AGP Your cooperative. Adding value 
to your harvest. 12700 West Dodge Road, P.O. Box 2047, 
Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. 38 + 21 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 2003 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$2,126.660 million, up 18.0% from $1,801.561 million in 
2002. Earnings from continuing operations (before income 
taxes): $15.996 million, down 59.2% from the $39.150 
million in 2002.
 This past year, “AGP partnered with member 
cooperatives to contract over 150,000 acres of non-GMO 
and approved variety soybeans.” “Our capacity to efﬁ ciently 
access world markets has been improved with the opening of 
our new trans-loading facility at the Port of Gray’s Harbor, 
Aberdeen, Washington, in November of 2003.”
 “We are pleased to report continued progress in our 
branded products, AminoPlus and SoyGold.” At Sergeant 
Bluff, Iowa, soy methyl ester output increased by 30-40% 
a year. Contains many color photos. Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska. Phone: (402) 496-7809.
900. Iowa Soybean Review (Iowa Soybean Association, 
Urbandale, Iowa). 2003. AGP’s new Paciﬁ c Northwest 

=== PAGE 307 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   307
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
soymeal terminal nearly complete. 15(1):10. Oct.
• Summary: The terminal, being built by AGP, will be able 
to load Panamax and Handy-max vessels. It will be located 
at the Port of Grays Harbor in Aberdeen, Washington state. 
A state of the art vessel loading facility with equipment for 
cleaning and handling identity preserved (IP) products, it 
will provide AGP members to Paciﬁ c Rim customers.
 An ad below the article state that AGP (Ag Processing 
Inc.) is “the largest farmer-owned soybean processing 
cooperative in the world. AGP is also one of the four largest 
U.S. crushing systems and one of the three largest vegetable 
oil reﬁ ners. AGP buys soybeans from its owners–over 280 
cooperatives–and it processes over 15,000 acres of soybeans 
every day.”
901. Lemke, Dan. 2003. A winning formula: Producers 
plan to follow corn-ethanol success with high-value soy. Ag 
Innovation News (AURI–Agricultural Utilization Research 
Inst., Waseca, Minnesota) 12(3):12. Oct/Dec.
• Summary: During June and July, members of the SoyMor 
cooperative in Glenville, Minnesota, raised $6 million for 
a bioreﬁ nery that will used new, advanced technology to 
process raw / crude lecithin into high value nutraceutical 
ingredients without using toxic chemicals. These ingredient 
will include phospholipids like phosphatidylcholine and 
phosphatidylserine, which have been shown to lower 
cholesterol and improve the immune system and brain 
performance.
 The basic goal is to create value-added products. 
SoyMor president Roger Peterson says that the bioreﬁ nery 
is the ﬁ rst phase of SoyMor’s plan. The second phase will 
be biodiesel production, and the third will be construction 
of a facility to crush raw soybeans into meal and oil. About 
half of SoyMor’s members have experience in value-added 
processing. They also belong to EXOL Agra Resources, a 
cooperative that started operating a corn ethanol plant near 
Glenville in March 1999.
902. Koehler, Mike. 2003. Investigators close AGP blast 
probe as ‘inconclusive.’ Sioux City Journal (Iowa). Dec. 6. 
p. A3.
• Summary: “The investigation into what caused the 
Aug. 29 Ag Processing Inc. explosion has been closed as 
inconclusive.” A hexane leak occurred. Normally the vapors 
would be carried away by fans, but because there was no 
electricity in the facility that day, the hexane was able to 
build up. The speciﬁ c ignition source was never found. The 
plant in the Port Neal Industrial Complex remains closed. 
The cost to repair the damage is estimated at several million 
dollars, said Mike Maranell, corporate spokesman for AGP. 
Address: Journal staff writer.
903. CHS Cooperatives. 2003. Annual report 2002. St. Paul, 
Minnnesota. 48 p. 26 x 21 cm.
• Summary: CHS stands for Cenex Harvest States. This is 
the most creative and interesting annual report ever seen 
by Soyfoods Center. The full title (in a self-adhesive clear 
plastic envelope attached to the center of the tan cover) is: 
“This is not an annual report (It’s a producer to consumer 
success story). Each of the following sections has a full-page 
color photo on the left hand page with a title, starting with 
the words “This is not...” in a box. For example: “This is not 
a steer. It’s a partnership.” This is not an ear of corn. It’s a 
special order.”
 Contents: Leadership letter. Energy. Agronomy. 
Grain marketing / processing. Foods. Services. Financial 
highlights. Financial report. Board of directors. Management 
team. Acknowledgments.
 The section on “Processing” (p. 15) states: “Ground was 
broken in April 2002 near Fairmont, Minnesota, for a second 
soybean crushing facility. This state-of-the-art plant, set to 
begin operating by harvest of 2003, will supply soybean 
meal to livestock producers and soybean oil for our oilseed 
reﬁ ning facility at Mankato, Minnesota [Honeymead], which 
supplies Ventura Foods, LLC. The $90 million plant will 
consume 110,000 bushels of Midwestern soybeans every 
day, doubling our crushing capacity. Studies are underway 
to determine the ability to produce biodiesel as demand and 
margins dictate.”
 The “Financial overview” states: “The Company was 
created in 1998 with the merger of two entities, Cenex Inc. 
and Harvest States Cooperatives, which were both organized 
in the early 1930s.”
 In January 2002, the Company formed a limited liability 
company (LC) with Cargill, Inc., named Horizon Milling 
LLC (Horizon) to engage in wheat milling and processing. 
The Company holds 24% interest in Horizon.
 In Nov. 2001 the company purchased the wholesale 
energy business of Farmland Industries, Inc. Address: St. 
Paul, Minnesota.
904. Claeys, Jesse. 2004. State proposes $162,500 penalty 
on Ag Processing after fatal blast. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). 
Jan. 9. p. A1.
• Summary: “The Iowa Occupational Safety & Health 
Administration [OSHA] has proposed penalties totaling 
$162,500 against Ag Processing Inc.” “OSHA has issued 13 
penalties listed as ‘serious’ violations.” “A total of $100,000 
in ﬁ nes were proposed for ‘repeated’ violations...” Address: 
Journal staff writer.
905. Institute for Agriculture & Trade Policy. 2004. Grain 
giants team up (Web article). https://www.iatp.org/news/
grain-giants-team-up 4 p. Accessed 22 Nov. 2021.
• Summary: “AGRI Industries is cutting its business to the 
core and plans to team with global grain giant Bunge in order 
to increase member cooperatives’ market access.
 “The regional farm cooperative, which is based in West 

=== PAGE 308 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   308
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Des Moines, was founded a century ago, and for years it 
has been among the 100 largest farmer-owned cooperatives 
in the United States. The co-op has branched into various 
businesses, including grain marketing, railroad equipment 
refurbishing and food manufacturing.
 “But now AGRI is scaling back. Last year, AGRI 
Industries and Cargill Inc. announced that they would 
dissolve their Agri Grain Marketing, a venture formed in 
1986 to jointly market grain. The partnership ends on March 
1.
 “Revenues had increased in ﬁ scal year 2002, following 
a $1.6 million loss the year before. Ofﬁ cials would not 
disclose revenues for the ﬁ scal year that ended Aug. 31.
 “AGRI Industries now plans to partner with Bunge 
North America of St. Louis, Missouri, a subsidiary of Bunge 
Ltd., one of the world’s largest grain and food companies. 
Founded in 1818 and based in White Plains, N.Y ., Bunge 
has 24,000 employees and 26 oil-seed crushing plants in the 
U.S., Brazil and Argentina. In 2002, the company reported 
net sales totaling about $14 billion.
 “Bunge has sold its bakery businesses, choosing instead 
to focus on grain trading and farm commodity processing. 
The company also is a major fertilizer manufacturer in South 
America.
 “The company has joint ventures with other 
agribusinesses, including a specialty food ingredient business 
with DuPont, owner of Pioneer Hi-Bred International Inc., 
based in Des Moines.
 “AGRI Industries and Bunge have not signed a deal, 
although the two companies have ‘an agreement in principal’ 
to jointly manage the cooperative’s grain marketing 
operations, including several terminal elevators along the 
Mississippi River. The proposed venture, to be completed by 
March 1, is to be called AGRI-Bunge LLC.
 “The proposed deal would give Bunge direct access to 
Iowa corn and soybeans, while AGRI Industries’ member 
cooperatives could tap Bunge’s expertise in global grain 
marketing.
 “’We intend to do a deal that we have had extensive 
discussions about,’ said Jerry Van Der Kamp, chief executive 
of AGRI.
 “’We evaluated a lot of alternatives,’ he said. ‘... Our 
members wanted more competition and access to more 
markets.’
 “This week, Van Der Kamp and other AGRI Industries 
ofﬁ cials will go on the road to conduct annual meetings. 
For years, the cooperative has held its annual meeting at the 
Marriott Hotel in downtown Des Moines, but this year the 
meeting will be held on consecutive days in Storm Lake and 
Waterloo.
 “’For a cooperative, it is essential that we maintain 
good communication with our membership,’ Van Der Kamp 
explained.
 “In addition to discussing the pending deal with Bunge, 
AGRI Industries ofﬁ cials will tell co-op members that the 
company has:
 “+ Disbanded ITEC, its railcar mover subsidiary.
 “+ Sold its half of a joint venture that ran grain handling 
and agronomy businesses in Belmond, Britt and Clarion.
 “+ Leased grain elevators in Belmond and Clarion to 
West Bend Cooperative, which has the option to buy the 
properties.
 “AGRI Industries still owns grain elevators at 
McGregor, Burlington and Fulton, Illinois, as well as Mrs. 
Clark’s Foods in Ankeny. In addition, it has a fertilizer 
warehouse operation and a leasing business, although they 
are minor businesses, Van Der Kamp said.
 “The changes being announced to members this week 
reﬂ ect the consolidation that is sweeping agriculture, 
company ofﬁ cials and other industry experts said.
 “The trend is evident in AGRI Industries’ membership, 
as well as its customer base. Twenty years ago, AGRI 
Industries had 310 member cooperatives. Now, it has 110 
members.
 “Cooperatives then typically had just one or a few 
locations. Today, many have 20 or more locations. In the 
railroad equipment business, just as in agribusiness, today’s 
major players, also fewer in number, buy bigger pieces 
of equipment, and maintain national accounts, rather than 
buying locally.
 “Another major factor driving developments at AGRI 
Industries is this: Increasingly, farmers are marketing their 
grain directly to processors–feed mills, ethanol plants, and 
processing plants like Cargill’s at Eddyville.
 “’We’re a mirror of what’s happened at the farm level,’ 
Van Der Kamp said.
 “Jim Fisher, general manager of Linn Cooperative Oil 
Co. in Marion, agreed.”
 “Des Moines Register / Anne Fitzgerald.”
906. Boyett, Frank. 2004. Soybean co-op gave local crop a 
big push. Gleaner (The) (Henderson, Kentucky). April 24. p. 
78. “Historic Headlines” issue.
• Summary: Farmers began planting soybeans around 
Henderson in about 1920. In an article published on 20 Dec. 
1925 The Gleaner noted: “Henderson County has taken a 
leading part in the producing of soybeans in recent years 
and local farmers are rapidly being ‘sold’ on the merits of 
the crop.” “There is a use for this crop on every farm in 
Henderson County and the quicker it is adopted the sooner 
will appreciation and respect for it be felt.
 By 1925 in Henderson County, 180 acres of soybeans 
were planted for seed purposes, 725 acres for hay, and 6,000 
acres interplanted with corn for winter animal feed.
 But before the crop could really expand, there had to be 
a local market for the soybeans. That occurred on 18 June 
1941 when the Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative began 
operations; the local price of soybeans, which averaged about 

=== PAGE 309 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   309
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
$1.40/bushel at the time, jumped about 20 cents a bushel.
 “The soybean co-op began at the instigation of 
Henderson County Farm Bureau President Ben Niles.” In 
Feb. 1940, all farmers who were growing soybeans were 
asked to buy shares of stock based on the acreage they had 
planted. In all, 364 local soybean farmers invested in the 
idea, according to a story published in Progressive Farmer in 
about 1960.
 “The $31,000 raised locally was supplemented with 
loans and the co-op bought the old A. Waller grain elevator 
on Fifth Street, which had been damaged by ﬁ re. After a 
thorough renovation and additional construction, the plant 
began serving farmers in Kentucky, Indiana, and Illinois. 
Portions of that plant are now part of the Bakery Feeds Inc. 
operation.” For decades thereafter, Henderson Co. was one 
of Kentucky’s top soybean producers and in many years it 
held the No. 1 title.
 At ﬁ rst the plant expressed the oil from the beans, but 
soon converted to a solvent extraction system using hexane, 
according to Al Reisz, Jr., whose father was the plant’s 
general manager for most of its existence. It was a fairly 
early solvent extraction plant, and industrial visitors came 
from across the USA and around the world. “Press clippings 
from the 1950s show visitors from France, Germany, 
Belgium, and Holland. A visit that occurred at the end of 
July 1959 included representatives from Vietnam, Ethiopia, 
Bolivia, China, the Philippines, and Thailand.”
 Most of the soybean oil found food uses, such as 
margarine or vegetable shortening. But some was used to 
make plastic products in the former Kusan plastics plant.
 The cooperative was rocked by a scandal in the 
mid-1950s “when two employees were charged with a 
sophisticated scheme of falsifying receipt tickets. In. 
February 1957, Thomas V . Greenwell was sentenced to ﬁ ve 
years in prison, while Joseph N. Eggler received a one-year 
sentence. Losses were estimated at $50,000.
 “The soybean cooperative lasted until the early 1960s. 
On June 19, 1962, its members voted 973 to 69 to dissolve 
the co-op. Final dissolution occurred on June 17, 1963, after 
all property had been disposed of.
 “But the operation continued a few more years under 
the auspices of Ohio Valley Mills of Henderson Inc., a 
corporation formed by some of the co-op members, which 
bought the plant on Fifth Street in 1962. That corporation 
was dissolved in 1967, according to records at the 
courthouse.” Address: Staff.
907. World Grain. 2004. Interstates completes soybean 
extraction facility. 22(4):80. April. [1 ref]
• Summary: Minnesota Soybean Processors cooperative 
has a new solvent extraction plant located in Brewster, 
Minnesota, which began operating in Dec. 2003. Capable of 
crushing 100,000 bushels (nearly 3,000 tonnes) daily, it can 
produce about 770,000 tonnes of soybean meal and 200,000 
tonnes of crude soybean oil annually. The $75 million plant 
was built by Interstates Companies, headquartered in Sioux 
City, Iowa.
908. Iowa Soybean Review (Iowa Soybean Association, 
Urbandale, Iowa). 2004. Growing demand for soy biodiesel 
leads to increased fuel distribution. 15(8):13. Summer.
• Summary: “Driven in part by a soybean checkoff initiative 
to increase demand, soy biodiesel represents the fastest 
growing renewable fuel in America. In response to more 
farmer and rancher requests for soy biodiesel, CHS, a 
diversiﬁ ed energy, grains and foods company, became the 
ﬁ rst U.S. company to offer preblended soy biodiesel at 
petroleum loading racks.
 “Farmer-leaders from the United Soybean Board 
(USB), Kansas Soybean Commission (KSC) and National 
Biodiesel Board (NBB) joined CHS representatives recently 
in McPherson, Kansas to announce the advancement in 
infrastructure and view a demonstration of the new soy 
biodiesel blending and loading system. Offering preblended 
soy biodiesel at petroleum loading racks signiﬁ cantly 
streamlines the distribution process, making soy biodiesel 
more readily available.
 “’Soybean checkoff surveys show biodiesel use among 
soybean farmers has nearly reached or has exceeded 50 
percent in some states,’ says USB vice chairman Greg 
Anderson. ‘This fact, along with the introduction of CHS’ 
new preblended biodiesel distribution system, shows soybean 
checkoff-funded efforts to increase use of soy biodiesel 
continue to yield positive results.’
 “According to a recent survey of soybean producers, 
eight in 10 farmers who do not use soy biodiesel cited 
availability as the problem. This summer, CHS plans to open 
additional preblended biodiesel fuel systems in Council 
Bluffs, Iowa and McFarland, Wisconsin.
 “’In the past, fuel distributors had to obtain biodiesel 
components–pure biodiesel (B100) and petroleum diesel 
fuel–from separate terminals, and then blend the fuel 
themselves,’ explains Mark Fenner, CHS region sales 
manager. ‘This new innovative system further integrates 
biodiesel into the existing petroleum infrastructure that 
distributors have relied on for years. Now a distributor can 
pull up to this terminal and ﬁ ll up with pre-blended fuel.’
 “CHS will market the biodiesel products under the 
Cenex brand as an extension of their Ruby Fieldmaster 
Premium Diesel Fuel. The new system will provide a B2 
blend (2 percent soy biodiesel and 98 percent petroleum 
diesel) of biodiesel to Cenex brand fuel distributors.”
909. Everitt, Lisa. 2004. Demos to lead combined brands. 
Natural Foods Merchandiser. Sept. p. 1, 9.
• Summary: Dean Foods has invited Steve Demos, founder 
of White Wave, to head its combined branded businesses: 
White Wave, Horizon Organic Dairy, and the Dean National 

=== PAGE 310 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   310
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Brand Group (which includes Marie’s Salad Dressings, 
Hershey’s chocolate milk, and Land O’Lakes products). 
The new division, which will be headquartered in Boulder 
County, Colorado, accounts for $1.1 billion in annual sales 
and will employ 500 people.
 Because of the new arrangement, over the next 
year, retailers will see a single sales force and uniﬁ ed 
promotional and distribution efforts. Demos plans to use the 
new proﬁ tability to help pay for converting all the plants 
to “green” plants, thus furthering White Waves goals of 
sustainability and the environment.
 White Wave is forecasting sales of $370 million this 
ﬁ scal year, while Horizon Organic Dairy is expected to post 
$250 million.
 A small color photo shows Steve Demos.
910. AGP–A Cooperative. 2004. Annual report to members: 
Adding value to your harvest. 12700 West Dodge Road, P.O. 
Box 2047, Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. 38 + 22 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 2004 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$2,663.640 million, up 25.3% from $2,125.765 million in 
2003. Earnings from continuing operations (before income 
taxes): $28.941 million, up 80.9% from the $15.996 million 
in 2003.
 “During ﬁ scal 2004, we were without the crushing 
capacity at Sergeant Bluff due to the accident at the end of 
ﬁ scal 2003. Although the downtime was very costly to AGP 
during the year, the plant was rebuilt incorporating the most 
efﬁ cient and cost-effective technology... This plant was also 
the site of our methyl ester operation, and we are optimistic 
that the new energy initiative will promote the better use of 
methyl ester in the biodiesel market. This will give us an 
opportunity for a methyl ester expansion in ﬁ scal 2005.”
 This year Masterfeeds marks its 75th anniversary; it is 
one of Canada’s premier animal nutrition companies. “In 
1929, Gordon C. Leith established Masterfeeds as part of 
Toronto Elevators Limited at Queen’s Quay, Toronto.”
 Income taxes (p. F14): “The Company, as a nonexempt 
cooperative, is taxed on nonmember earnings and any 
member earnings not paid or allocated. Deferred income 
taxes are computed based on an estimate of the portion of 
temporary differences that are attributable to nonmember 
earnings.” Address: Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: (402) 496-
7809.
911. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). 2004. Expansion planned for 
biodiesel facility in Sergeant Bluff [Ag Processing Inc]. Nov. 
11. p. A3.
• Summary: The expansion is expected to give AGP the 
capacity to make 11-12 million gallons/year of biodiesel. In 
1996, the company was the ﬁ rst to construct a purpose-built 
biodiesel plant. It has marketed its SoyGold biodiesel for 
more than a decade.
912. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2004. SoyGold featured 
on “The Naturally Soy Show.” No. 4. p. 8.
• Summary: “Blake Hendrix, Vice President, Technology–
Marketing and Applications, displays soy methyl ester 
samples to Diane Cook, Producer of “The Naturally 
Soy Show” prior to taping a segment on soy biodiesel. 
Hendrix and John Campbell (background), Vice President, 
Government Relations and Industrial Products, were ﬁ lmed 
at AGP’s methyl ester plant in Sergeant Bluff, Iowa for the 
show which aired on RFD-TV .”
 A large photo shows this.
913. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2004. Using soybeans 
in the soybean harvest. No. 6. p. 3. [Dec.].
• Summary: “Customers who participated in the harvest 
tour at the Chris Dashner farm in southwest Iowa inspected 
a combine that was partially constructed from soybeans, 
as well as being powered by the crop it was harvesting. 
The 9560 STS John Deere combine incorporates as much 
as two bushels of soybeans and one-half bushel of corn 
in HarvestForm™ composite panels that are used for the 
rear engine panels. HarvestForm composites have reduced 
weight compared to sheet metal panels and provide the 
same structural strength and durability as a petroleum-based 
composite material panel. Additionally, Dashner uses a 2 
percent blend of soy biodiesel in his diesel-powered farm 
equipment, including his combine. New and expanded uses 
of soybeans contribute to a better market for this important 
crop.”
914. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2004. AGP to expand 
soy biodiesel plant. No. 6. p. 9. [Dec.].
• Summary: “AGP’s soy biodiesel production will be 
increasing in the near future following approval by the Board 
of Directors to expand the soy methyl ester plant at Sergeant 
Bluff, Iowa.
 “’The Board and Management have been waiting for 
Congress to approve new biodiesel tax exemptions before 
approving this project,’ said Brad Davis, Board Chairman. 
‘We are thrilled that Congress and the President have agreed 
to legislation that will move biodiesel to the next level.’
 “Marty Reagan, AGP CEO, complimented the state and 
national soybean and biodiesel organizations for helping to 
make a decade quest for Federal support ﬁ nally come to life.
 “The recent ‘JOBS’ bill approved by Congress included 
provisions championed by Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley, 
Chairman of the powerful Senate Finance Committee. 
Among other things, the ‘JOBS’ bill provides a two-year 
partial excise tax exemption for biodiesel blended with 
diesel fuel. The legislation also restructured and extended the 
ethanol partial excise tax exemption through 2010.
 “’Without support from the American Soybean 
Association, the National Biodiesel Board, and the 
Renewable Fuels Association, this law would not have been 

=== PAGE 311 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   311
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
approved,’ said Reagan.
 “AGP was the ﬁ  rst company to construct a purpose-built 
biodiesel plant in 1996. The plant has been in continuous 
operation ever since. AGP has marketed its SoyGold® brand 
biodiesel to customers serving the farm and ﬂ eet markets for 
nearly a decade. SoyGold is marketed though AGP’s wholly-
owned subsidiary, Ag Environmental Products, LLC (www.
soygold.com).
 “The biodiesel plant expansion is designed to increase 
AGP’s production by approximately 60 percent. Project 
completion is expected by July 1, 2005 and will give AGP 
capacity to produce 11-12 million gallons of biodiesel 
per year. Much of the work will involve infrastructure 
improvements such as railroad track and inventory tankage 
intended to improve plant efﬁ ciencies and ﬂ exibility.”
915. St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri). 2005. Dwight L. 
Dannen 1910-2005. Jan. 21. p. B2.
• Summary: He died on 19 Jan. 2005 (Wed.) in St. Joseph, 
Missouri, at age 94, at a local hospital following a brief 
illness. Born on 30 Sept. 1910 in St. Joseph, he was a 
lifelong resident of that city. He earned a BS degree in 
forestry from Iowa State University. On 6 June 1942 
he married Mary Ellen Engel. During World War II he 
served as a lieutenant in the U.S. Army at the Presidio in 
San Francisco, California. For more than 30 years he was 
president and CEO of Dannen Mills Inc., a large agricultural 
business with feed mills, a soybean mill, grain storage, and 
merchandising facilities throughout 8 midwestern states. A 
small photo shows Dwight L. Dannen.
916. White, Marshall. 2005. Dannen’s legacy lies in charity: 
Former Dannen Mills leader, real-estate tycoon dead at 94 
[Dwight L. Dannen]. St. Joseph New-Press (Missouri). Jan. 
21. p. B1.
• Summary: Dwight Dannen died on 19 Jan. 2005 at a 
hospital in Saint Joseph, Missouri, at age 94 after a brief 
illness. A lifelong St. Joseph native and businessman, he 
grew up working with his father in Dannen Mills. A longtime 
friend recalls that he “was just as honest as you could 
possibly be.” He contributed to almost every business and 
charity in St. Joseph, and served for more than 30 years as 
president and CEO of Dannen Mills, Inc. In 1963, after he 
sold the company, he organized a land development company 
named Dannen Corporation. He was also active in many 
community organizations. A portrait photo shows Dwight L. 
Dannen.
 Note: Funeral services will be held this weekend. The 
family will receive friends Saturday from 4 to 6 p.m. at 
Meierhoffer Funeral Home. The funeral will be Sunday at 2 
p.m. at Wyatt Park Christian Church.
917. Slater, Fred. 2005. Dannen made good things happen. 
News-Press (St. Joseph, Missouri). Jan. 28. p. 4A.
• Summary: A tribute to Dwight L. Dannen, who died last 
week.
918. Dreeszen, Dave. 2005. AGP will build ethanol plant in 
Siouxland. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). Feb. 1. p. A1.
• Summary: AGP will build a large corn-based ethanol plant 
in the Sioux City area. A job-creation bill enacted last year 
extends the federal tax break for ethanol through 2010 and 
contains some tax incentives for making biodiesel. Address: 
Journal business editor.
919. Hytrek, Nick. 2005. AGP increases biodiesel 
production. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). March 28. Siouxland 
business progress report supplement.
• Summary: A biodiesel expansion project at AGP’s plant in 
Sergeant Bluff, started in the fall and slated for completion 
by July 1, will increase output by 12 million gallons a year. 
“The biodiesel facility operates next to AGP’s soybean 
processing plant.” Address: Journal staff writer.
920. Iowa Soybean Review (Iowa Soybean Association, 
Urbandale, Iowa). 2005. Vietnam–Agricultural economy is 
an emerging market. 16(6):20-21. March.
• Summary: Describes a trade mission to Vietnam by 
directors of the Iowa Soybean Promotion Board (ISPB), 
Nebraska Soybean Board, Nebraska Soybean Association, 
and by Peter Mishek, manager of international trade and 
business development for Ag Processing Inc (AGP). Mishek 
says, “The Vietnamese have a very catch-up attitude and 
work ethic philosophy. It’s very intense. It’s very focused... 
They realize they are behind in terms of animal and 
feed production... They’re doing everything to catch up 
technologically.”
 They are “rapidly erecting feed mills throughout 
the country to meet the demands of their ever-increasing 
livestock production. About ﬁ ve years ago, Vietnam had only 
a handful of feed mills in the entire country. But today there 
are over 200 feed mills...” They are also moving to higher 
quality feeds for livestock and agriculture. The bigger feed 
mills are projecting double digit growth rates.
 In 1995 Vietnam imported about 100,000 metric tons of 
soybean meal, whereas today they import nearly 1,2 million 
metric tons (MMT). “That’s a tenfold increase in less than 10 
years,” Mishek says.
921. Givens, Joe. 2005. Re: Brief autobiography and detailed 
history of work with Dawson Mills. Letter to William 
Shurtleff at Soyfoods Center, May 8–in reply to inquiry. 
Followed by interview on May 21. 7 p. Typed, without 
signature.
• Summary: Joe (who dictated this letter to his daughter) 
was born on 11 Aug. 1921 in Chatﬁ eld, Minnesota, the son 
of William Paul Givens and Fanny Bottom. He attended 
Carleton College in Northﬁ eld, Minnesota, from 1939 to 

=== PAGE 312 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   312
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
1943, with a chemistry major and strong minors in physics 
and math. During college, shortly after World War II began 
he volunteered to be an aviation cadet and was accepted. 
However his local draft board gave him a 2A deferment 
for being a science major, and would not release him. 
After graduating in June 1943, he attended graduate school 
for 1 year (1943-44) at the Institute of Paper Chemistry 
in Appleton, Wisconsin. In early 1944 he got a call from 
Washington, DC, and was ordered to report to Oak 
Ridge, Tennessee. Arriving on March 1, he worked on the 
Manhattan Project in the ﬁ nal steps of isolating Uranium 
235. He was released in Jan. or Feb. 1946–after uranium had 
been successfully isolated and World War II had ended.
 1946–Joe began work in the soybean industry, where 
he worked until his retirement in 1981. He began with the 
Cargill Co. as a management trainee at headquarters near 
Milwaukee during most of 1946-47. The following dates 
are inexact and based on Joe’s memory, not on documents: 
“At that time the extraction industry was plagued by hexane 
explosions in solvent extraction plants. Cargill had a number 
of hexane explosions, one in their Fridley, Minnesota ﬂ ax 
plant (late 1946-1954), where several men were badly 
burned; one in Savage, Minnesota (1947-1974), that killed 
about 5 men; two in Cedar Rapids, Iowa (1945-1956), where 
no one was killed but the plant was destroyed; and another 
one later in Washington, Iowa (winter 1947-1954).” After his 
training, Joe worked in that latter plant which was outside 
and terribly cold, without even a building over it. The hexane 
solvent extraction equipment was made by V .D. Anderson 
Co. Other soybean processing companies also had hexane 
explosions.
 “The E.I. duPont de Nemours chemical ﬁ rm had done 
research on using trichloroethylene (trichlor) as an oil 
solvent. It was non-ﬂ ammable, non-explosive, and was a 
stronger oil solvent that hexane. The chemical engineering 
department at Iowa State College had done a fair amount of 
research on processing soybeans using this solvent.
 “One of the ﬁ  rst soybean oil extraction plants using 
trichloroethylene was built in cooperation with Iowa State’s 
chemical engineering department. It was built [as a small 
commercial plant] in Plainﬁ eld, Iowa, by and for Howard 
Roach (an ASA president).” Built in 1947, this plant ran 
successfully until 1951.
 Another early trichloroethylene plant was in Michigan, 
designed by the Detrex corporation. It was very small, about 
10 tons of soybeans a day. It was not successful and didn’t 
last very long.
 Crown Iron Works Co. (CIW) was looking to diversify 
their manufacturing business. They had several foundries–
gray iron, bronze, aluminum, etc.–in Minneapolis. Much of 
their business was with railroads, manufacturing parts for 
steam locomotives, which were obsolete following World 
War II. They also had an excellent machine shop. So CIW 
made arrangements with Iowa State College and DuPont 
to use their designs, patents, and experience to develop 
commercial oil extraction equipment. They began this work 
in early 1947.
 1948 Jan.–Joe started work at CIW; his ﬁ rst job was 
working with draftsman Al Kaiser to develop solvent 
extraction machinery for soybeans. “The goal was to have 
machinery that would process 25 tons of soybeans daily and 
was safe.” Crown bought an old foundry in Minneapolis for 
the project. In early 1948, Al and Joe supervised installation 
of machinery in this building. Soon they were able to make 
the machinery work to process soybeans. “The designs 
were never really completed. CIW was not willing to spend 
the time or money to reﬁ ne these designs. We were merely 
to make the machinery work well enough to sell. In 1948 
Crown hired 2 men to market this equipment–Frank Scoﬁ eld 
and Lee Luick. They sold several plants.
 The ﬁ rst plant was sold to Glencoe Milling Co. in 
Glencoe, Minnesota, managed by Mr. L.H. Patten. In 1949 
Joe supervised the installation and startup of this plant 
in 1950; it operated until 1952. The 2nd plant went into 
Blooming Prairie, Minnesota [to the Farmers Cooperative 
Elevator Assoc. / Co. Soybean Processing Div.]. Joe 
started this plant in 1950 and it ran okay. This was a new 
cooperative which never had competent management or 
adequate capital. It did not last very long.
 The 3rd trichlor installation was made in 1950 at the 
North Dakota Mill and Elevator in Grand Forks, North 
Dakota. In early 1950, Joe supervised the installation and 
got it running. This plant was owned by the state of North 
Dakota and has an interesting history. Once again, they did 
not have management which was attuned to operating a 
soybean plant.
 In early 1950 Al Kaiser built and started up a plant for 
Fremont Cake and Meal in Fremont, Nebraska. They had 
previously processed soybeans using expellers.
 In 1951 Joe installed the next plant for Townsends 
Inc. in Millsboro, Delaware. It was bought by the former 
Senator Townsend. The Townsends owned a large amount 
of farmland in Delaware. They wanted a source of soybean 
meal to feed the millions of chickens they raised. They had a 
large hatchery, a feed meal, and were good business people. 
The plant ran successfully until 1952 using trichlor. From 
that year until the present they have extracted soybeans with 
hexane and CIW machinery.
 In Vermont, Illinois (a tiny town), a farmer tried to 
install a small CIW plant but it never became operational.
 In late 1951 rumors began to circulate that cattle and 
other ruminants which had been fed soybean meal extracted 
with trichloroethylene had died horrible deaths from 
hemorrhaging.
 “In Oct. 1951 I was assigned to start up a new 
trichlor plant in Dawson, Minnesota. When I went there 
the machinery was all pretty well installed. My job was 
to supervise the remaining construction and start it up. It 

=== PAGE 313 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   313
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
began operating in Dec. 1951 [Note: It began operation on 
Nov. 28; open house on Dec. 8]. The manager of this plant 
was Louis Sandbakken, who ran the local fertilizer and 
fuel cooperative. Louis was an ex-farmer without technical 
education. He soon realized the job was too much for him.
 “The plant was operating (the equipment ran, but not 
that well) but really had no management for the ﬁ rst month. 
At this time other trichlor plants were having considerable 
problems with cattle dying from having been fed trichlor 
processed soybean meal. Most of them shut down by Jan. 
1952. I was of the opinion that I could correct the toxicity 
problem by changing the ﬂ ake desolventizing process. At 
this time CIW was not selling any more plants because of the 
problems with poisoned cattle. I was facing not having a job.
 “The situation was so serious and urgent that the board 
of directors at the Dawson plant called me on Christmas Eve 
and wanted to meet with me on the day after Christmas in 
1951.
 “The board of directors and the manager of the Dawson 
Farmers Elevator offered me a job to be the general manager 
of this plant. At that time it was called Tri-County Soy Bean 
Co-operative Association; the plant had more debts than 
assets. I did not know the exact ﬁ gure when I said I would go 
out there, but I was offered a good incentive arrangement if 
the corporation survived and made money.”
 On 20 Jan. 1952 Joe took over as manager. Within 
a few days of this date, Dawson’s sister plants at Grand 
Forks (North Dakota) and Glencoe and Blooming Prairie 
(Minnesota) ceased their operations because of lawsuits 
resulting from the sale of toxic meal.
 Joe changed the way the meal was toasted–from using 
a pressure cooker to blowing live steam through the meal 
to “scrub” the solvent from the meal. This removed any 
residual trichlor. An experiment was carried out to feed one 
group of calves on meal made before the toasting changes, 
and other group after the changes were made. “Fortunately 
the calves fed on the new meal thrived and were sold at 
excellent market prices whereas the ones fed on the old 
meal lasted about 6 weeks before dying.” Dawson soybean 
meal never had any toxicity claims against it. However, as 
a precaution, all Dawson meal carried a warning not to feed 
it to ruminants. The other trichlor plants did not use Givens’ 
method of scrubbing out the solvent with live steam because, 
by then, the damage had been done. Address: 6566 France 
Ave. S. #906, Edina, Minnesota 55435. Phone: 952-926-
7828.
922. Givens, Joe. 2005. More history of Dawson Mills, 
and the merger with Land O’Lakes (Interview). SoyaScan 
Notes. May 21. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: Concerning the purchase of soy protein isolate 
technology: 1997 May–Dawson bought soy protein isolate 
technology from General Mills. Dawson was looking to 
expand and it looked like isolating protein was a good way 
to go. They paid $1 million (not $10 million), mostly for 
patents owned by General Mills, plus a few centrifuges. The 
patents turned out to be worthless; they contained nothing 
new. General Mills sold because they were not really in the 
soybean processing business. 1997 Nov.–Dawson Mills 
broke ground for the isolate plant on the outskirts of Dawson. 
It was scheduled for completion in Nov. 1978. At that time 
the isolate plant looked like it had a promising future.
 1979 March–Ofﬁ  cial ribbon cutting ceremony and 
opening of the isolate plant–5 months behind schedule. The 
plant’s future still looked promising at that time.
 1980 June–Dawson Mills merges with Land O’Lakes. 
Joe was deeply involved in this merger. There were at 
least four reasons for the merger: Money, personnel, Joe’s 
retirement, and Land O’Lake’s interest in the soy specialties 
business. Of these, money was the most important. (1) 
Making and marketing the isolate turned out to be much 
more expensive than expected. It was a new type of product, 
with many potential applications. The isolate plant turned 
out to be a huge drain on Dawson Mills’ ﬁ nancial resources. 
“When meat prices dropped, it sure changed the picture. 
It was a tough sell.” (2) Dawson, Minnesota, was a small, 
rural town in a cold part of the U.S., with relatively little 
intellectual and cultural stimulation. It was very difﬁ cult 
to ﬁ nd skilled workers and people with PhD degrees who 
were willing to move to the boondocks. So Dawson Mills 
had hired quite a few kids right out of high school to work 
at the isolate plant. “It was hard to ﬁ nd good people.” Land 
O’Lakes had an excellent research staff and many such 
skilled workers. (3) Before the merger, Joe had announced 
his intention to retire; he had been with the company for 
29 years, during which time it had become much larger 
and more complex. The management felt the need for new 
expertise. (4) Land O’Lakes was interested in getting into 
the soy specialties business–the food products, such as the 
isolates; they weren’t particularly interested in the soybean 
crushing part of Dawson Mills. Joe agreed he would work for 
Land O’Lakes as vice president of their Soybean Division, 
which included some other plants, including Boone Valley in 
Eagle Grove, Iowa.
 Joe recalls: “The merger with Land O’Lakes didn’t 
really work out. They didn’t have people to spare that they 
could send out to Dawson. The whole merger wasn’t as 
successful as we would have liked.” Land O’Lakes tried to 
run the isolate plant for 11 months–unsuccessfully.
 During this time (in 1980) the isolate plant was 
unionized. The young workers believed all the promises 
the union organizers made, whereas older workers did not. 
A vote was held and the union won. At that point, in early 
1981, Joe Givens retired; unionization was the catalyst. The 
union had tried to get into Dawson Mills’ crushing plant 3-4 
times before this, and they were always defeated in each 
election. The experienced workers realized that unionizing 

=== PAGE 314 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   314
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
was not in their best interests. The union only lasted at 
Dawson Mills for a little more than a year; when the workers 
realized that they were paying substantial dues but that 
none of the union’s promises had been fulﬁ lled, they tossed 
(elected) it out.
 1981 May–The isolate plant was closed. Many local 
workers lost their jobs. It was a very painful experience. Two 
months after closing the isolate plant building was purchased 
by AMPI (Associated Milk Producers Inc.). Today that 
building houses one of the world’s largest cheese plants.
 Dawson Mills is now owned by AGP, a cooperative. It 
is hard for outsiders like Joe to know how the plant is doing 
ﬁ nancially since no public reports are issued. The keys to 
running a successful crushing plant are to keep costs as low 
as possible and to steadily increase volume. Dawson Mills 
was located in a good area, with plenty of soybeans grown 
nearby and plenty of people to buy the meal. Two or three 
soybean crushing plants have started in the area since Joe left 
in 1981: One in V olga, South Dakota (late 1996), and one in 
Fairfax, Minnesota. Both compete with Dawson.
 Dwayne Andreas has a long history with co-ops. After 
leaving Cargill, he went to work for Farmers Union Grain 
Terminal Association, a cooperative; he was the No. 2 man 
in that organization. In Aug. 1960 Dwayne and Lowell sold 
Honeymead, their crushing plant in Mankato, to Farmers 
Union (GTA), which was a cooperative. Sometimes ADM 
was an unfair competitor, offering very low prices to 
Dawson’s customers; that was when Dwayne Andreas’s son 
was running the plant in Mankato. He was one who ended up 
going to jail. Cargill, on the other hand, “was always good, 
clean competitor.”
 When Joe ﬁ rst arrived at Dawson Mills, many of the 
shareholders were individuals. This was a very cumbersome 
arrangement, because Dawson ended up buying soybeans 
from the farmer direct, through the elevators. The elevators 
saw to it that Dawson always bought at the highest possible 
price. This was not a workable arrangement for Dawson 
Mills. So within 2 weeks of his arrival, Joe created several 
kinds of shares. Individuals had their shares changed to 
preferred stock, on which Dawson paid interest. Dawson 
Mills would offer each day at 2:00 p.m. (over the radio) to 
buy soybeans at a speciﬁ ed price per bushel, delivered to its 
mill. There was no bidding or negotiation. Dawson always 
hedged its operations by buying and selling futures in either 
soybeans, meal, or oil. Knowing which to hedge was very 
complex and could have a big impact on proﬁ ts. It was an 
hour by hour decision.
 Why were there so people with Scandinavian names 
living in Dawson? Joe notes that when the railroads built a 
new line, they would place a town center roughly every 10 
miles. Many towns took on an ethnic character, becoming a 
magnet for immigrants. Dawson was basically a Norwegian 
town.
 Patronage refunds: Each year, if cooperative business 
makes a proﬁ t, it is called “Net Savings.” The company’s 
board of directors decides how these Net Savings will 
be distributed. Dawson bought all of its soybeans from 
elevators that were cooperatively owned by local farmers, 
who sold their soybeans to the elevator. The majority of the 
New Savings would be allocated back to the elevators, in 
proportion to the amount of soybeans they had sold Dawson. 
This money was considered as income or operating revenues 
by each elevator, and there were various ways of accounting 
for it. This was complicated by the fact that most elevators 
had feed mills closely associated with the elevator. In some 
cases, if Dawson Mills allocated 5 cents per bushel, the 
elevator would pass that on to each farmer that had sold 
soybeans to the elevator. In other cases, if the elevator was 
losing money on its oats and wheat, the soybean income 
might counterbalance that. If an elevator lost money one 
year, the farmer-owners might get none of the patronage 
refund that Dawson Mills had paid the elevator. Some 
elevators were better managed than others; some always 
hedged. But over the years, Dawson Mills paid back to the 
elevators about 11 cents on each bushel purchased, and Joe 
guesses that farmers got about 50% of that.
 Joe used to dread the annual meetings, because he never 
knew what issues would be raised. The boards of directors 
of the roughly 100 member elevators were invited to attend. 
For example, someone might stand up and ask, point blank, 
“Joe–How much are we paying you these days?” But Joe 
recalls they were always very generous with both his salary 
and bonuses for good performance. Address: 6566 France 
Ave. S. #906, Edina, Minnesota 55435. Phone: 952-926-
7828.
923. Bunge Ltd. 2005. Partnering for the future: 2004 annual 
report. 50 Main St., White Plains, NY 10606. 90 p. May. 28 
cm.
• Summary: Consolidated net sales for 2004 (year ended 
Dec. 31) were $25,168 million, up 13.5% from 2003 
($22,165 million). Net income in 2004 was $469 million, 
up 56.3% from 2003–not including a one-time gain of $111 
million on sale of soy ingredients business in Brazil. Cash 
dividends per share in 2004 was $0.48, up from $0.42 in 
2003.
 “Last year, according to the USDA, the world consumed 
130 million tons of soybean meal, up from 118 million in 
2000. Future growth is forecast to top 4 percent per annum.
 “Demand for vegetable oil should increase at a similar 
rate. Growth will be particularly strong in China and India. 
Last year global consumption reached 100 million tons, up 
from 89 million tons in 2000.”
 “South America is cementing its position as the world’s 
leading agricultural producer. Both Brazil and Argentina 
produced large soybean crops 2004, and their output is 
expected to grow steadily in coming years.”
 “Vietnam is the fastest-growing market for soybean 

=== PAGE 315 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   315
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
meal consumption in Southeast Asia, a region that has seen a 
40 percent increase in demand for the product since 1999 and 
in which Bunge is the leading importer.”
 “In the U.S., we formed AGRI-Bunge, LLC, a 
joint venture with AGRI Industries [a cooperative]. The 
partnership links AGRI’s crop origination network in Iowa 
with Bunge’s global sales, marketing and logistics. The result 
is a new source of crops for Bunge and wider market access 
for AGRI and U.S. farmers.
 “We also entered the value-added market for cholesterol-
reducing phytosterol ingredients by creating a partnership 
with Procter & Gamble and Peter Cremer in North America.”
 Eastern Europe has the “potential to regain its status as 
one of the world’s breadbaskets.” Grain exports from Black 
Sea nations could rise dramatically. In 2002 Bunge acquired 
Cereol.
 In 2006 U.S. law will require labeling of trans fats. In 
response, Bunge and DuPont have developed Nutrim, which 
contains less than 3% linolenic acid, making it naturally 
stable and eliminating the need for partial hydrogenation 
when it is used as a frying oil. This partnership links 
DuPont’s plant science with Bunge’s agribusiness and 
oilseed processing operations. However, Nutrim is a 
trademark of Pioneer Hi-Bred International, Inc. A bar chart 
shows projected Nutrim production, reaching 1 billion 
pounds by 2009. A colored graph shows global agricultural 
trade. Trade of soybeans and soybean products, only 50 
million metric tons (MMT) in 1985, passed both wheat and 
coarse grains in 2001 (at about 110 MMT) and is expected to 
reach 175 MMT by 2015, much more than wheat and coarse 
grains.
 Accompanying the annual report is a “Notice of Annual 
General Meeting of Shareholders” (89 p.). Information 
is given about the amount of money paid to individual 
company ofﬁ cers. For example, Alberto Weisser (chairman 
and CEO) was paid a base salary of $1.2 million and a bonus 
of $3 million, plus securities underlying options awards 
(130,000 shares), long-term incentive payments (LTIP; $3.7 
million), and all other compensation ($55,729). Address: 
White Plains, New York. Phone: 914-684-2800.
924. Dean Foods Co. 2005. Enhancing, enriching, 
sustaining–Dean’s place at the table: 2004 annual report. 
Dallas, Texas. 88 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: This annual report is structured to make it very 
difﬁ cult to ﬁ nd the company’s ﬁ nancials, and net income 
(proﬁ t). Dig enough and you will ﬁ nd the numbers on p. 49. 
For the year ended 31 Dec. 2004. Net sales were $10,822 
million, up 17.8% from 2003. Net income (proﬁ t) was 
$285.4 million, down 19.8% from 2003. “First, our Branded 
Products Group, which we have renamed WhiteWave Foods, 
had an outstanding year. WhiteWave Foods’ sales increased 
to $1.2 billion for the year, with operating margins more than 
doubling to 10%” (p. 2).
 New developments: On 2 Jan. 2004 Dean Foods 
acquired Horizon Organic. In March 2004 they acquired 
a license to use the Land O’Lakes name on certain dairy 
products sold in the eastern United States. Now they have an 
exclusive right to use the Land O’Lakes brand on most dairy 
products (excluding cheese and butter) sold anywhere in the 
country. In Aug. 2004 Dean Foods its decision to consolidate 
White Wave, Horizon Organic, and Dean National Brand 
Group into White Wave Foods, a stand-alone operating unit.
 “Outstanding brand performance:... Silk continued to 
perform well, with sales up 33% compared to 2003. Silk 
market share in the retail grocery channel held steady at 
78%, indicating that Silk remains the clear market leader.” 
Horizon Organic’s sales increased 24% and sales of Dean’s 
entire portfolio of Land O’Lakes products increased by 34% 
over 2003.
 The section titled “White Wave Foods: Enhancing 
health, enriching lives, sustaining our environment” (p. 
8-13) states that “WhiteWave Foods Company is the largest 
organic food company in the country.” The two colorful 
pages on Silk note: “We estimate that Silk has been enjoyed 
in close to 19 million American homes.” In 2004 Silk 
introduced 5 new items that generated $50 million in sales: 
Very Vanilla, Enhanced, Unsweetened, Kids Silk, and Silk 
Live. Also the new Silk Twin Pack, which includes two half-
gallon cartons in an easy-to-carry box. Silk Kids packs come 
vanilla, chocolate and strawberry. “Each pack contains eight, 
6.5 ounce cartons featuring kid-friendly animal artwork.” 
Many Silk products bear the USDA Organic seal of approval. 
“Silk and Horizon Organic are proud sponsors of Farm Aid, 
an annual concert that raises funds to help farmers keep their 
land. We are the largest purchaser of organic soybeans and 
organic milk in the country.”
 Page 20-21 state: “In addition, effective March 11, 2005, 
Mr. Steve Demos, President of WhiteWave Foods Company 
resigned his position.” Note: Demos was terminated by 
Engles without cause or explanation. On 5 April 2004, White 
Wave “acquired [for $25.7 million] a soy processing and 
packaging facility in Bridgeton, New Jersey. Prior to the 
acquisition, the previous owner of the facility co-packed Silk 
products for us at the facility.”
 Accompanying the annual report is an innovative “2004 
proxy statement and notice of annual meeting” (24 p.). In 
2004 Gregg L. Engles, age 47, Chairman of the Board and 
CEO had: Salary $1,000,000. Bonus zero. Other annual 
compensation $238,767. Value of stock units awarded: 
$3,148,170. Number of stock options granted: 324,000. 
Address: 2515 McKinney Ave., Suite 1200, Dallas, Texas 
75201. Phone: 214-303-3400 www.deanfoods.com.
925. Iowa Soybean Review (Iowa Soybean Association, 
Urbandale, Iowa). 2005. Next generation oils: New low-lin 
soybean oils sizzle without trans fats. 16(7):12j of 12-page 
insert after p. 14. Spring.

=== PAGE 316 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   316
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
• Summary: “With the FDA’s Jan. 1, 2006, deadline for 
mandatory trans fat labeling, food companies are resolving 
to get their fatty acid numbers as low as possible this year. 
New low-linolenic soy oils that can help reduce–and even 
eliminate–trans fatty acids will make it easier to keep that 
resolution.
 “The front-runner of the moment is Asoyia trans fat-free 
soy oil, launched last fall by Winﬁ eld, Iowa-based Asoyia llc 
after years of research by Iowa State University agronomists 
and food scientists. Asoyia is being produced from newly 
developed soybeans that contain only one percent linolenic 
acid (a component of soybean oil that causes it to eventually 
become stale or rancid), compared with eight percent 
linolenic acid in traditional soybeans. Soy oils with low 
levels of linolenic acid don’t need to be hydrogenated for 
freshness and long-lasting stability, so no trans fats are 
created in the oil.
 “Asoyia llc is marketing the new oil, which is being 
processed by Wayzata, Minnesota-based Cargill Inc., for 
commercial cooking applications in the 5 billion-pound 
market for frying oil. Vivan Jennings, chief executive ofﬁ cer 
of Asoyia, which is owned by 25 growers of the low-lin 
soybeans, notes that the trans fat-free oil also offers other 
advantages for commercial kitchens.
 “’In extensive tests conducted by food services and 
restaurants, the one percent linolenic oil lasted 25 to 33 
percent longer in frying applications than other current 
premium frying oils,’ says Jennings. ‘The fried products 
stay crispier longer and taste the same as those fried in 
hydrogenated soybean oil.’
 “Asoyia also has less saturated fat than some other 
alternative frying oils.
 “Jason Wheelock, kitchen manager for Hickory Park 
Restaurant Co. in Ames, Iowa, agrees that Asoyia is a winner 
beyond its trans fat-free status. The casual family dining 
and barbecue restaurant helped test Asoyia last winter, and 
‘it actually worked much better than the oil we were using,’ 
says Wheelock. ‘The ﬁ rst week we used Asoyia, we were 
really busy, and we [still didn’t have to change the fryer oil] 
for two weeks. We usually have to throw out the oil on a 
weekly basis... our customers didn’t notice any difference in 
taste, which is a good thing,’ says Jennings.
 “Wheelock says the restaurant plans to use Asoyia 
again when it becomes commercially available, and plans to 
highlight the oil’s lack of trans fatty acids.
 “’We’re also working with some other SYSCO houses 
in other states, and talking to some major national chains 
of upper-scale restaurants who will be testing Asoyia,’ says 
Jennings.
 “’We will be directing our marketing efforts to 
businesses where fried foods are featured on the menu,’ he 
adds. ‘These foods can be marketed by restaurants as a more 
heart-healthy menu item than when they were fried in oils 
high in saturated or trans fats.’
 “Jennings says Asoyia is also exploring larger-scale 
uses for healthcare foodservice segments, such as hospital, 
university and school dining rooms.
 “Also poised for entry into the low-linolenic market is 
Nutrium Low Lin soybean oil, the ﬁ rst product to be sold 
under the new brand name created as part of an alliance 
between Bunge Ltd. and DuPont. The Nutrium soy oil, 
which became available for testing and product development 
last fall, is made from a new Pioneer [Hi-Bred] soybean 
variety whose oil has less than three percent linolenic acid.
 “’We expect to have 20 million pounds [of Nutrium 
soybean oil] available commercially in October 2005, 
and 150 million pounds in 2006,’ says John Jansen, vice 
president of product and process development at Bunge 
North America in St. Louis [Missouri]. By 2009, full-scale 
production of nearly one billion pounds of the oil is planned.
 “Nutrium Low Lin is a natural substitute for frying 
shortenings used by food processors and foodservice 
operators, says Jansen, but it could also expand into the 
consumer market ultimately.
 “Also debuting in fall 2005 will be low-lin soybean oils 
processed from Monsanto’s new Vistive soybeans with less 
than three percent linolenic acid. So far, both Cargill and 
Ag Processing Inc., Omaha, Nebraska, have signed on as 
participating processors, with more processors expected to be 
added in 2006.
 “The trans fat concerns driving the low-linolenic 
segment are also steering other soybean oil solutions, such 
as interesteriﬁ ed soybean oil, a blend of hydrogenated and 
nonhydrogenated soybean oils that works best in applications 
for solid or semisolid fats. The interesteriﬁ cation process, 
whether chemical or enzymatic, rearranges fatty acids 
in soybean oil to allow it to function like the partially 
hydrogenated oils it replaces, but without the trans fats.
 “Archer Daniels Midland in Decatur [Illinois], launched 
its NovaLipid interesteriﬁ ed soybean oil in July 2003, and 
Bunge and Cargill also offer interesteriﬁ ed soy oils, in 
addition to other custom blending solutions.
 “No matter how they do it, it’s a safe bet that the food 
industry will remain focused on slimming down soy oils for 
the foreseeable future. ‘There’s a lot of interest right now 
because of the pressure on trans fats,’ says Bunge’s Jansen.”
 A photo shows that “Asoyia trans fat free soybean oil 
(right) offers a clear alternative to conventional soybean oil 
(left).” Both oils are in clear glass pitchers.
926. Mescher, Kelly. 2005. Thailand: Building demand for 
U.S. soybeans–personal relationship is key. Iowa Soybean 
Review (Iowa Soybean Association, Urbandale, Iowa) 
16(7):16-17. Spring.
• Summary: Describes a trade mission to Thailand by 
directors of the Iowa Soybean Promotion Board (ISPB), 
Nebraska Soybean Board, Nebraska Soybean Association, 
and by Peter Mishek, manager of international trade and 

=== PAGE 317 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   317
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
business development for Ag Processing Inc (AGP). 
“Thailand is often referred to as the ‘agricultural super power 
of Southeast Asia.”
 “Thailand represents about 2.5 million metric tons 
(MMT) of soybean meal, and 2 MMT of raw” soybeans, 
most of which are crushed to make soybean oil and meal. 
The country’s thriving aquaculture industry uses large 
amounts of soybeans in its ﬁ sh feeds and shrimp feeds.
 While in Thailand, the group members met with the 
largest feed supplier in Thailand–Charoen Pokphand (CP 
Group)–which is also the world’s single largest buyer of 
soybean meal and feed manufacturer. The group also met 
with Thailand Oilseed Processors, a trade association. The 
unit of currency is the bhat; 1 billion bhat = US $25 million.
 A sidebar is titled “Thai shrimp report–Post tsunami.” 
The shrimp industry suffered total losses of US $500 million, 
but it is recovering fast.
927. Pogeler, Allen; Pogeler, Gary; Pogeler, Kathleen; 
Pogeler, Lewis. 2005. Recollections of Glenn H. Pogeler of 
Iowa (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. June 6. Conducted by 
William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: John Henry Pogeler and Leena Carstens, had 
four children. The second child, Glenn Henry Pogeler, was 
born on 3 Jan. 1915 in Manson, Calhoun Co., Iowa (about 
20 miles east of Fort Dodge), and raised there. In 1932 he 
graduated from Manson high school, where he pitched on the 
baseball team and played football. It was the bottom of the 
Depression; he wanted to be a mechanical engineer, but no 
money was available.
 On 25 July 1932 he went to work as the 2nd man at the 
Richards Elevator Co. in the small town of Richards, Iowa 
(now named Richard, about 5-6 miles due south of Manson 
in central Iowa)–for $1 a week plus room and board. The 
manager was Charles Weideman, whom Glenn Pogeler 
greatly admired. In 1935, when Weideman resigned, Pogeler 
became manager.
 In about 1938, while living in Richards, Glenn met 
his bride to be, Ardis Jenelle Fry. They met at a dance in 
Fort Dodge, Iowa. The live band playing at the dance was 
led by a North Dakota band leader named Lawrence Welk, 
who later had a national television show and achieved some 
degree of fame.
 In early 1940, Glenn received a better job offer to 
manage a cooperative elevator in Badger, Iowa (about 10 
miles from Fort Dodge). He soon went to work for the 
Farmers Elevator Company of Badger, which had been in 
operation since 1902. In June 1940 the members voted to 
reorganize, and it was renamed the Badger Cooperative 
Elevator. Pogeler was hired back as manager, with a salary 
of $125 a month–plus a house. In 1940 Glenn gave up 
smoking–on his doctor’s advice. He ﬁ nished the one pack 
he had left and never smoked another cigarette for the rest 
of his life–a strong willed man! Throughout his life, Glenn 
was in the grain business, but he was never a farmer. He was 
also a devout Christian, actively involved with the American 
Lutheran church.
 Glenn now had a solid job and reliable income. He and 
Ardis were married on 5 May 1940 in Fort Dodge, Webster 
Co., Iowa. Ardis was born on 16 March 1919 in Bancroft, 
Kossuth Co., Iowa. The daughter of Jesse and Alma Fry (also 
spelled Frye), Ardis came from a low-income family of nine 
children. She grew up in Callender, Webster Co., Iowa, and 
was working as a cashier at an A&P grocery store in Fort 
Dodge when she and Glenn met.
 Glenn and Ardis had three children, all born in Iowa: (1) 
Allen Robert Pogeler, born 11 April 1943 in Fort Dodge. (2) 
Gary Dean Pogeler, born 4 July 1944 in Mason City, Cerro 
Gordo Co. (3) Neil Richard Pogeler, born 27 April 1952 in 
Mason City, Iowa. Allen (who now lives in California) is in 
business management and engineering. Gary (who now lives 
in Pennsylvania) is an attorney.
 In June 1943 Glenn was secretary-treasurer (a part time 
job) of the Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Assoc. 
in Eagle Grove, Iowa; his main job was Manager, Farmers 
Elevator Co., Badger, Iowa. In late Aug. 1943 he resigned as 
secretary-treasurer so he could go to Manly, Iowa, to manage 
the new soybean processing plant there.
 In early 1944, Glenn and his family moved from Badger 
to Manly (population about 1,500) in north central Iowa. 
There he became the ﬁ rst manager of a soybean crushing 
plant named the North Iowa Cooperative Processing 
Association, which began operations in Sept. Initially, the 
family lived in a small apartment in Manly. On 1 July 1944 
they moved into a nice home at 220 Spring Street, rented 
from Mabel Benson. Gary was born 3 days later. Gary recalls 
that the rent was $40/month. Mabel never raised the rent, 
but Glenn started paying her $50/month after he felt the rent 
was too low. “He was that kind of a guy.” They lived in this 
house until they moved to Mason City.
 In 1948 Glenn was elected to the board of directors of 
the National Soybean Processors Association; he served as 
vice chairman of the board in 1957-1958, as chairman in 
1959-60, and as president in 1959-61; he remained a member 
for at least 17 years.
 In 1 July 1952 (not long after Neil, their 3rd child was 
born) the family moved to Mason City (population about 
30,000); the cooperative’s new and bigger, state of the art 
soybean processing plant that Glenn managed there used 
solvent extraction (hexane) rather than expellers. Gary 
recalls that Glenn used hexane for years to light his charcoal 
grill–”Which makes for a very dramatic beginning to your 
outdoor cooking.” Overseeing construction of the new plant 
was complex and stressful for Glenn. To relieve stress he 
took up golﬁ ng and (with his wife) and did painting by the 
numbers. His weight rose to about 210 pounds, then he lost 
weight for the rest of his life; he had ulcers.
 In 1960, an ad in Soybean Digest shows that the North 

=== PAGE 318 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   318
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Iowa Cooperative Processing Assoc., in Mason City, Iowa, 
was still managed by Glenn Pogeler.
 In 1962 the North Iowa Cooperative Processing Assoc. 
was renamed the North Iowa Soybean Cooperative.
 In about Oct. 1964 Glenn was named president of the 
Soybean Council of America, Inc. (SCA), replacing Howard 
L. Roach of Plainﬁ eld, Iowa.
 On 1 Dec. 1965 SCA moved its ofﬁ  ces to Arlington, 
Virginia (just outside Washington, DC) and Glenn and 
his family relocated nearby in Falls Church, Virginia (to a 
very nice home at 6420 Crosswoods Drive, Lake Barcroft 
section). During this time Glenn traveled worldwide to visit 
SCA ofﬁ ces and negotiate agreements on behalf of SCA.
 In April 1969 the 13-year-old Soybean Council of 
America was dissolved and the American Soybean Institute 
(a trusteeship) took its place. Glenn lost his job.
 Then Glenn went to work for the USDA for about 5 
years, again in the ﬁ eld of soybeans. His title in 1973 was 
Acting Chief, Oilseeds, Agricultural Stabilization and 
Conservation Service Branch (ASCS), USDA, Washington, 
DC.
 After retiring from USDA, he became a commodities 
broker–which is something he always wanted to do–for 
about 5 years; he worked in a Clayton Brokerage Company 
ofﬁ ce outside of (but not far from) his home in northern 
Virginia.
 There is a photo in the family that shows him meeting 
President Lyndon Johnson after the latter signed a major 
farm bill.
 In about 1985 he retired; his doctor discovered that he 
had Type II diabetes–which runs in the family. He and his 
wife moved to Rancho Bernardo near San Diego, California, 
because he liked the weather there; his eldest son, Allen, 
also lived near there. He died on 20 Feb. 1995 in Poway, 
California (the town adjacent to Rancho Bernardo, where he 
lived) at the Pomerado Nursing Home, next to the Pomerado 
Hospital; he suffered a massive hemorrhagic stroke about 5½ 
months before he died. His wife, Ardis lived for the rest of 
her life in Rancho Bernardo and died in Oct. 1998. Before 
she died, she left many personal possessions (incl. about 20 
dated letters from Glenn while he was living in Richards 
{Dec. 1938 to early 1940}, photos of Glenn, newspaper 
articles that are mostly about Glenn, and letters from her 
mother, Alma) in a cedar chest, which Gary now has.
 In Dec. 1985 AGP, a large cooperative soybean 
processor, purchased Glenn’s former plant in Mason City, 
Iowa. A color photo shows the Mason City plant in 2003.
 What kind of a man was Glenn Pogeler? Kathleen, his 


=== PAGE 319 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   319
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
daughter in law, recalls: He was very kind, very personable, 
very friendly. “He knew how this ought to be done and you’d 
best do it his way. My father had died when I was 21 years 
old, and I always felt like Glenn was my second father. In 
his outspoken way, he always welcomed me. Everyone liked 
him.” Kathleen ﬁ rst met Glenn and his wife in 1969; they 
were living outside Washington, DC, in northern Virginia.
 Glenn never wrote the story of his life and the family 
has no family history. However Glenn’s son wrote a brief 
story of his life which was delivered as a eulogy at his 
funeral.
 Allen, Glenn’s eldest son, is presently (Jan. 2008) 
Vice President Corporate Planning for Integrated Photonics 
Technology (IPITEK) in Carlsbad, California. The 
company develops, manufactures and sells ﬁ ber optic 
telecommunications equipment to various industries and 
government customers. Gary is an attorney in New York City 
with the ﬁ rm Cadwallader, Wickersham & Taft, specializing 
in real estate. Neil is a real estate sales agent in Merritt 
Island, Florida. Address: 1. Encinitas, California; 2-3. 
Pennsylvania; 3. Arnolds, Park, Iowa. Phone: 712-332-2302.
928. Pogeler, Allen. 2005. Recollections of Glenn H. Pogeler 
of Iowa (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. June 10. Conducted by 
William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: In 1893, Glenn’s father, John, immigrated 
to the USA (at about age 9-11) with his parents, via Ellis 
Island, from Bremen, Germany. Allen has never been able to 
determine how their name was spelled in Germany (it could 
have been Pogeler or Pageler). Glenn was 100% German; 
all his known ancestors came from the area that is now 
Germany. Both sides of the family were Lutherans–from way 
back.
 Glenn was born in 1915 in Manson, Iowa, a small town 
famous as the site of the largest meteor impact (2.5 million 
years ago) on the mainland United States–in fact the “the 
biggest thing that has ever occurred on the mainland USA.” 
The Manson crater was once 3 miles deep and 20 miles 
across.
 Glenn graduated from high school in about 1932 with 
very good grades, and he wanted to go on to college to study 
engineering, perhaps at Iowa State. But the Great Depression 
now stalked the land, and there was no way his parents could 
afford to send him to college. So he had to ﬁ nd a job instead, 
to support himself. His ﬁ rst job was in Richards, a tiny town 
(now named Richard) about 5 miles due south of Manson, 
on a rail line. He got paid $10 a month, plus free room and 
board.
 His next job was in Badger. “Badger isn’t much, just a 
little hole-in-the-wall town off the main road.” But there was 
a grain elevator there.
 Glenn and Ardis Fry were married on 5 May 1940 
in Fort Dodge, Iowa. Both came from Lutheran families. 
Lutheranism is the main denomination of Christianity in 
northern Germany and Norway. Allen, the ﬁ rst child, was 
born on 11 April 1943 in the Lutheran hospital in nearby Fort 
Dodge, while his parents lived in Badger.
 The next move was to Manly when Allen was a child 
(about 1 year old). Their second child, Gary, was born soon 
after the move. Over the years Glenn became a self-made 
man.
 When Glenn was managing the cooperative in Mason 
City, he was very interested in buying a Cadillac. But he was 
very concerned that if he showed up driving a Cadillac, his 
board of directors, composed of very conservative farmers, 
would think that was a bit excessive, and maybe they were 
paying him too much. So he bought a much less expensive 
car named a Hudson. He purposely tried to maintain a 
modest demeanor. He knew very well how tight-ﬁ sted 
farmers are.
 Allen earned BS and MS degrees in mechanical 
engineering from MIT then earned an MBA (business 
administration) from Harvard Business School, both in 
Massachusetts. Most of his work has been related to business 
and ﬁ nance, rather than engineering.
 He has a lot of photographs, letters, and other documents 
that belonged to his parents when they were still alive. He 
will put captions on all the photos. The photo of Glenn with 
President Lyndon Johnson was taken while he was working 
at the Department of Agriculture. Johnson had had just 
signed some agricultural bill into law. Glenn was invited to 
be present at the signing in the Oval Ofﬁ ce. It was kind of 
ironic, because Glenn was a life-long Republican; it chafed 
that the only photo he had of himself with a president was 
with a Democrat. However, he was proud enough of that 
that he always kept it on his desk, even after he retired to 
California.
 He did some traveling in the USA when he was with the 
cooperative in Mason City, and he at about the same time 
he and his wife took several vacation trips to Europe in the 
1950s. With the Soybean Council he was often given VIP 
treatment when he arrived in countries such as Iran or Egypt; 
they would whisk him around customs and into a limousine, 
where an ofﬁ cial would stamp his visa on the way to the 
hotel. In Iran, he was shown the Crown Jewels, which were 
kept in a bank vault. He had no built-in biases, antagonisms, 
or racism while growing up, so he was intrigued by the great 
diversity of people he met and did business with in his world 
travels.
 On Ardis’ side of the family, several close relatives are 
deeply involved with genealogy and family history. Ardis’ 
mother, Alma Peterson, was 100% Norwegian. Ardis’ father, 
Jesse Fry, was a mix of German, English, Scotch and Irish, 
and descended from immigrants ﬁ rst located in about 1725 in 
Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania (based on genealogical 
research done by a relative).
 When they moved to the East Coast they lived in a very 
nice house in Falls Church, Virginia, about 10 miles due 

=== PAGE 320 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   320
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
west of Washington, DC. They lived in the same city and 
house (6420 Crosswoods Drive), the entire time they were 
on the East Coast. His ofﬁ ce was in Arlington, Virginia–
always outside his home. He had 3 different jobs in that 
area. First was the Soybean Council, which was in Arlington 
(starting 1 Dec. 1964 at 1401 Wilson Blvd., Rosslyn). For 
the ﬁ rst year or so Allen, who had just graduated from MIT 
in 1966 and was working in nearby Alexandria, Virginia, 
lived at his parent’s home. Then Allen got married. He and 
his wife moved into an apartment about a mile from his 
parents house, so he saw them constantly during the next 
3 years, until 1969 when Allen left for Harvard Business 
School to start his MBA program. Allen was very close to 
both his parents. Gary, who was attending Iowa State Univ., 
transferred and (while living at his parents’ home) graduated 
in 1966 from George Washington Univ. in Washington, 
DC, majoring in history. After the Soybean Council was 
dissolved (they lost much of their government funding), he 
was unemployed for about 14 months. He had contacts at the 
USDA where he found his next job in the oilseeds division 
at the USDA building near the mall, in Washington, DC. He 
took that job sort of in desperation, but he hated working for 
the government since he was basically an entrepreneur, not a 
bureaucrat. He complained about the young whippersnappers 
who had gone to school, read plenty of books but had no 
real-life experience and didn’t know what they were talking 
about. One poor fellow asked him one winter how the 
soybean crop was doing in Iowa. Glenn replied that it was 
under 20 feet of show. Yet Glenn had genuine admiration 
for those who had both a academic background (which he 
lacked) and practical experience. Yet he stayed at USDA 
for about 8-9 years. Third, he was a commodities broker 
for about 6 years working for Clayton Brokerage Co. at 
their ofﬁ ce in Tyson’s Corner, Virginia–which is on the 
Washington Beltway about 5 miles northwest of Falls 
Church. In 1984 they retired to Rancho Bernardo, California, 
a northern suburb of San Diego.
 During the 10 year period that Glenn and Ardis lived 
in Rancho Bernardo, from 1984 to 1994, they enjoyed good 
health and were quite active. Every morning they walked 3 
miles around their neighborhood, and spent a good deal of 
time gardening in their yard, where Glenn was especially 
proud of his four citrus trees–a lemon, a tangelo, a navel 
orange and a Valencia orange. The trees produced quite a bit 
of fruit because of his watering and fertilizing, and he would 
give bags of fruit to anyone who visited the house.
 They were also quite active in their neighborhood 
club, which had a clubhouse and swimming pool, and was 
frequented by the retired people who lived in this retirement 
community. They made many friends in San Diego, and 
socialized a good deal with their neighbors. They got 
together once a week, generally on Sunday, with their son 
Allen and his family, who lived about 15 miles away in 
Solana Beach.
 Glenn kept in touch with many of his old friends from 
the grain business, who were scattered around the country, 
and also with his surviving brother Lewis and sister Dorothy, 
both of whom lived in Iowa. He followed national events 
closely in the newspaper and on television, and always had 
lots of political opinions. His political position remained 
strongly Republican and he admired President Reagan.
 Near the end of his life, in the fall of 1994, Glenn had a 
very bad stroke. He lost his ability to speak, and most of his 
ability to move. The nursing home in which he stayed for the 
rest of his life, was next to the hospital in Poway, California, 
where he was ﬁ rst taken. His wife spent most of each day 
with him. It was a time of great sadness and suffering for 
everyone. When there was no hope left, the family decided 
to remove life support, and Glenn died on 22 Feb. 1995 in 
Poway, San Diego Co., California.
 Allen recalls: “People liked my dad. He knew how to 
work in an organization, to get along with people, and to 
accomplish a lot. He was a hard worker, a very energetic 
man–really a ball of ﬁ re. He was always reasonable and 
ﬂ exible. He could analyze a situation and decide what was 
the best course of action, but he would listen to reason, and 
you could debate things with him, and perhaps persuade him. 
He was an outgoing and friendly person who liked to have 
conversations with other people, and he was not afraid to 
strike up a conversation with a stranger he might encounter.” 
Address: Encinitas, California. Phone: 760-753-2743.
929. Ag Processing Inc. (AGP). 2005. Ag Processing Inc. 
(AGP). (Website printout–part). www.agp.com Retrieved 
June 27.
• Summary: Home: About AGP (2 p.). AGP News. 
Employment. E-store. Links. Contacts. Map / Hotels. 
Insurance. Products and services: Soybean processing, 
export, AminoPlus, food, grain, industrial products, 
feed, Protinal / Proagro. AGP News. Contract / Premium 
opportunities with AGP Member Cooperatives. MaxYield 
Cooperative announces partnership agreement with AGP. 
2004 AGP Annual Report.
 About AGP: A farmer owned company. Introduction. 
Formation in 1983, composition, and ownership. AGP’s 
distinctions. AGP’s mission. AGP’s reason for existence. 
Our cooperative motto is “Partners in food production.” 
“Since its formation in 1983, AGP has been committed to the 
success of its owners. Today, that is 222 local cooperatives 
and six regional cooperatives, representing 250,000 farmers 
from 16 states throughout the United States and Canada.
 “AGP operates nine soybean processing plants including 
six plants in Iowa, located at Eagle Grove, Emmetsburg, 
Manning, Mason City, Sergeant Bluff, and Sheldon. Other 
AGP processing plants are located at Dawson, Minnesota, 
St. Joseph, Missouri, and Hastings, Nebraska. The Hastings 
plant is the ﬁ rst farmer-owned soybean processing facility in 
that state. AGP holds the distinction of being: (1) The largest 

=== PAGE 321 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   321
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
‘cooperative’ soybean processing company in the world. (2) 
The fourth largest supplier of reﬁ ned vegetable oil in the 
United States.”
 Company history: A cooperative (3 p.). “In 1983, Land 
O’Lakes, Inc., a Minnesota corporation, Farmland Industries, 
a Kansas Corporation, and Boone Valley Cooperative 
Processing Association, an Iowa corporation doing business 
only in soybean processing, entered into a joint venture 
agreement to form one cooperative soybean processing 
company. On August 31, 1983, Land O’Lakes Inc. and 
Farmland Industries combined their soybean processing 
plants located at Dawson, Minnesota; Fort Dodge, Iowa; 
Sergeant Bluff, Iowa; St. Joseph, Missouri; and Van Buren, 
Arkansas into a new company.
 “Shortly after the recon ﬁ guration of 1983, the new 
company name ‘Ag Processing Inc a cooperative’ was 
adopted with the corporate logo AGP as our company 
trademark.
 In December 1985, the company acquired additional 
processing plants at Manning Iowa and Mason City, Iowa 
from American Grain and Related Industries (AGRI).
 “Soybean processing: Soybean processing is AGP’s 
primary business. AGP is the largest soybean processor 
in Iowa and the fourth largest soybean processor in the 
United States based on capacity. Additionally, AGP is the 
largest cooperative soybean processor in the world. Every 
month, AGP plants acquire more than 18 million bushels 
of soybeans for processing. That’s the equivalent of the 
soybeans grown on 15 thousand acres per day. AGP annually 
purchases and processes more than 5.5 million acres of 
members’ soybeans. AGP continues to expand crushing 
capacity with the addition of plants in Emmetsburg, Iowa 
(1997) and Hastings, Nebraska (1999).
 “In 1985, AGP began reﬁ  ning soybean oil by purchasing 
equipment for installation in an existing building located at 
the St. Joseph, Missouri, soybean processing plant.” AGP’s 
reﬁ ning business has since greatly expanded. AGP also 
makes ethanol from corn.
 “Methyl esters: In 1997, AGP expanded in many 
areas with the completion of a soybean methyl ester plant 
in Sergeant Bluff, Iowa.” The products are sold under 
the SoyGold brand and “are used in a wide variety of 
applications including soydiesel fuel, solvents, and spray 
adjuvants (used to enhance the effectiveness of agricultural 
chemicals).”
 AGP 2005 contract programs: Vistive soybean 
premiums, Non-GMO contracts (Manning, Iowa). AGP 
guaranteed premium program: Rate table. Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska.
930. Givens, Joe. 2005. AGP’s purchase of the Dawson Mills 
soybean crushing plant from Land O’Lakes (Interview). 
SoyaScan Notes. June 27. Conducted by William Shurtleff of 
Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: This whole acquisition was a very difﬁ cult and 
painful experience for many people at Dawson Mills. Many 
of the top people at AGP were former ADM employees. “I 
found them very difﬁ cult people to work with.” They came 
in and “thought they knew it all.” They wanted to replace 
many experienced, competent employees (such as the plant 
superintendent and a chemical engineer) with their own 
people–as fast as they could. Joe had already retired, but he 
got drawn into the drama because of his long relationship, 
and often friendship, with these Dawson employees that 
AGP wanted to get rid of. In the end, AGP had its way. The 
Dawson plant superintendent had a heart attack and died; 
Joe is quite sure it was caused by the harassment of the AGP 
people. One of the Dawson Mills directors, Jim Bauler, went 
on the AGP board.
 Today, the Dawson plant is thriving. Its processing 
capacity is about 25% larger than it was in 1983. Address: 
6566 France Ave. S. #906, Edina, Minnesota 55435.
931. Choquette, Ray. 2005. The origins of Ag Processing 
(AGP) in Boone Valley: Bill Lester and Jim Lindsay 
(Interview). SoyaScan Notes. June 28. Conducted by William 
Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: He thinks of Bill Lester as the “godfather” of 
AGP. “Through Bill’s communication efforts, the doors were 
opened for the formation of AGP.” Bill Lester is retired and 
lives (with his wife, Marion) in Omaha, Nebraska. He can 
pretty well tell you everything that happened during the 
organization of AGP; he was there.
 “When the soybean processors were merged, a board of 
directors was in place and the new organization was named 
Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association. That 
board then tried to ﬁ nd an individual to lead the company; 
that’s when they hired Jim Lindsay. AGP became its own 
entity with its own board, and began to operate as a regional 
cooperative processor, whereby stock was issued to the 
participants and dividends began to be earned. Jim Lindsay 
retired about 3 years ago and the current CEO is Marty 
Reagan (a man).
 Bill Lester was instrumental in hiring Ray in 1979 to 
work at Farmland Industries. When Farmland’s soybean 
crushing plant became part of AGP in Sept. 1983, Ray 
was working for Farmland. “We each had to turn in an 
application and see if AGP would hire us again. We started 
all over again.” Ray was hired, so he moved from Sergeant 
Bluff to Eagle Grove, and has been with AGP ever since.
 “Bill Lester would offer the perspective that led to the 
founding of AGP. Bill is one of the premier cooperative 
leaders in the Midwest, with expertise in the ﬁ eld of soybean 
processing. Jim Lindsay would offer the perspective of the 
person who led AGP from the time it started. Jim was an 
ADM private-sector purist; Bill Lester was a cooperative 
purist.” Address: Merchandising Manager, Ag Processing 
(AGP), Eagle Grove, Iowa. Phone: 515-448-4711.

=== PAGE 322 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   322
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
932. Lester, Bill. 2005. Boone Valley and the origins of Ag 
Processing Inc (AGP). Part I (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. 
June 28. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: A good book on the history of AGP, including 
a history of each of its component soybean processors is 
Soybeans, Cooperatives and Ag Processing Inc., by Margaret 
Finnerty (1992). This book was the brainchild of Jim Lindsay 
and Urban Knobbe (chairman of the AGP board). They said, 
“We’re all getting older and be better start to document some 
of this history.” Bill was also involved in the project. It was 
edited in a way that it didn’t create any “political problems” 
in terms of the sensitivities of AGP member companies.
 The story of AGP begins with the widespread 
recognition that Boone Valley, an independent soybean 
processing cooperative in Eagle Grove, Iowa, was is deep 
ﬁ nancial trouble. In June 1959, Keith V oigt had been hired 
as the manager of Boone Valley. In early January 1982 he 
resigned (actually he was discharged; the co-op bank wanted 
him out) amidst ﬁ nancial difﬁ culties. Farmland Industries 
and Boone Valley had long had a very close working 
relationship. Boone Valley owned a very modern feed mill 
right in their complex, but they manufactured Farmland 
feed under a franchise agreement. Boone Valley had gotten 
into a very extensive expansion program, ﬁ rst to increase 
the size of their existing solvent extraction plant (which 
had a capacity of 1,000 tons/day) by adding a complete 
new separate unit (4,000 tons/day capacity), and then to 
acquire the local Eagle Grove coal-ﬁ red electrical energy 
plant from Iowa Public Service, which was being shut 
down. They needed this energy plant to generate sufﬁ cient 
energy to operate their expanded 5,000 tons/day soybean 
processing plant. But processing margins in those days were 
non existent, so they were not making any proﬁ t. However, 
since Boone Valley had no debt, they were able to borrow the 
money needed for their expansion from the Omaha Bank for 
Cooperatives.
 Enter “safe harbor” leases. Because of the tax structure 
of cooperatives, depreciation and investment tax credits 
really don’t do a cooperative any good in reducing taxes. 
During the time when the “safe harbor” lease program made 
such leases available, the investment tax credits and the 
complete depreciation on the complete expansion program 
of about $19 million were sold to General Mills, but on the 
condition that both projects had to be up and running by 31 
May 1982–so that General Mills could use those tax credits. 
Ironically, Bill recalls, Boone Valley was so deeply in debt, 
that these tax credits were its only real asset. By selling the 
tax credits to General Mills, Boone Valley reduced its debt to 
“only” about $35 million from $55 million. In effect, Boone 
Valley was using tax gimmicks and loopholes to help pay for 
its expansion. Farmland helped put the whole deal together 
and then guaranteed the sale of those tax credits. Basically, 
Farmland was now in the driver’s seat.
 So Farmland called Bill Lester, described the problem, 
and said, “Will you go over there and get that project done!” 
So on 17 Jan. 1982 Farmland put Bill Lester on loan from 
Farmland’s soybean processing plant in Sergeant Bluff, 
Iowa, to Boone Valley at Eagle Grove. Bill went there as 
interim manager (on loan from Farmland, on Farmland’s 
payroll until 1 May 1982) and got all the work done on time–
in fact almost a month ahead of schedule.
 The Boone Valley board had seen how effectively Bill 
Lester could get things done. So on 1 May 1982 that board 
invited Bill to consider staying with them in Eagle Grove, 
Iowa. Bill checked with his boss, John Anderson, President 
of Farmland, who said that if Bill would like to make the 
move, he would have the complete blessings of Farmland 
Industries.
 Thus, 1 May 1982 Bill Lester went to work for Boone 
Valley as their general manager. But soon a new and much 
bigger problem arose that had not been addressed. Boone 
Valley, with its new and expanded plant, was “killing” 
the other cooperative soybean processors. Most of those 
processors were in trouble ﬁ nancially. Moreover, they were 
competing with each other rather than cooperating. Many 
in the industry agreed that individually, they were too small 
to compete with soybean processing corporate giants like 
ADM and Cargill. So cooperative leaders began talk with 
one another–men such as Jim Bauler (of Land O’Lakes), 
Urban Knobbe and Eldon Peterson (of Boone Valley), John 
Harling (President of the Omaha Bank for Cooperatives)–
about the possibility of some sort of consolidation or merger, 
so they could start cooperating and stop competing. There 
was general agreement that the problem was greater than 
any one cooperative could handle by itself. Soon it was 
decided (based on a proposal by Ralph Hofstad, President of 
Land O’Lakes) to conduct a study to see how to best resolve 
the big problems and to see if consolidating the individual 
cooperative soybean processors would be to their beneﬁ t. 
By the summer of 1982, three cooperatives agreed to fund 
the study: Land O’Lakes, Farmland, and Boone Valley. 
They hired a consultant named Tom Veblin of Food Systems 
Associates of Washington, DC, to conduct a 3-part study. 
Tom ﬁ rst did a preliminary study, funded largely by Boone 
Valley. The goal of Phase One was to identify and contact 
every cooperative in the USA that was operating a soybean 
processing plant. Bill was actively involved, in part because 
he had worked with so many of the different cooperative 
companies.
 As the next step in Phase One, a meeting was called 
of all heads of the cooperatives that had been identiﬁ ed as 
having soy processing plants in the greater Midwest. This 
ﬁ rst meeting was held in the board room of the Farm Credit 
building in Omaha. In attendance were general managers 
and CEOs from Harvest States / Honeymead of St Paul, 
Minnesota; AGRI Industries of Des Moines, Iowa; Gold Kist 

=== PAGE 323 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   323
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
of Atlanta, Georgia (which once had soybean processing 
plants at Valdosta, Georgia; Marks, Mississippi; and Decatur, 
Alabama); MFA [Missouri Farmers Assoc.] of Columbia, 
Missouri [with a plant in nearby Mexico, Missouri]; and 
Riceland of Stuttgart, Arkansas (with soybean plants at 
Stuttgart and Helena, Arkansas). All the leaders agreed to 
discuss the idea of merger and to provide any information 
needed to Tom Veblin to complete his study. After about 
3 months (in late summer or early fall, 1982) Tom’s study 
was completed. It concluded that merging or combining the 
various soybean processors was a good idea.
 All parties involved studied the report. By late 
December 1982 or early January 1983 the three companies 
that commissioned the report decided to pursue to the idea of 
merging and to try to work out the details. Bill Lester recalls 
that Ralph Hofstad, president of Land O’Lakes, played a 
major role in moving the group toward consolidation–he 
was a real visionary. Two big questions were: What other 
companies (if any) would join in the merger and what 
would its basic structure be? Continued. Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska.
933. Lester, Bill. 2005. Boone Valley and the origins of 
Ag Processing Inc (AGP). Part II (Interview). SoyaScan 
Notes. June 28. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: In March 1983 the heads of the cooperatives 
that owned soybean processing plants met with the heads 
of many major cooperative banks in Dallas, Texas. The 
heads of about seven cooperative organizations were there 
to try to ﬁ gure out how to structure a new consolidated or 
reconﬁ gured cooperative that would work. But nobody could 
ﬁ gure out a way. Bill recalls that Boone Valley was $35 
million dollars in debt from its expansion and the bank was 
“breathing down our necks.” Moreover, He had managed 
3 of the soybean processing plants of the original six that 
became AGP. He knew that his customer list at Sheldon, 
Eagle Grove, and Sergeant Bluff (all in Iowa) each had about 
two-thirds of the same customers. So these cooperatives 
were competing with each other rather than cooperating–
and they were spending the farmers’ money in this self-
defeating process. For the 40 years that he had worked in 
cooperatives, Bill taught and preached a basic philosophy: 
That cooperates don’t compete against one another, they 
cooperate and work together. Then Bill, one of the strongest 
advocates of consolidation, stated his astonishing conclusion: 
“There’s only one way this new organization is ever going 
to go together. Boone Valley is going to have to purchase the 
processing assets of anybody that becomes part of that new 
organization.” Everybody laughed. Boone Valley was on the 
verge of bankruptcy; it had no cash and had to make interest 
payments of $500,000 a month just to service its debt. Yet 
the more they thought about it, the more Bill’s idea was the 
only one that made sense. Why? Bill recalls: “Remember I 
told you we sold the tax credits worth $17 million to General 
Mills. Tax law states that in order for those tax credits to be 
able to be utilized, without a substantial penalty coming back 
to Farmland Industries, Boone Valley or its successor had 
to remain in business for a minimum of 7 years. That’s why 
Boone Valley had to be the survivor. After that realization, 
everybody at the meeting in Dallas zeroed in on the key 
question–how to structure the new company around Boone 
Valley.”
 At this point most of the cooperatives dropped out. 
For Riceland and Honeymead, for example, their soybean 
processing operations were proﬁ table and important to the 
whole cooperative. AGRI Industries also dropped out, but 
AGP later bought their two soybean plants at Mason City 
and Manning.
 Committees were formed, and many more discussions 
were held. The new entity would be called “Boone Valley 
Cooperative Processing Association. Working under Boone 
Valley’s existing constitution and bylaws, a board of 
directors for the new entity was formed. The board would 
consisted of nine members. The boards of Land O’Lakes 
and Farmland Industries each elected 3 members–including 
the president of their respective boards (Ralph Hofstad 
and Kenneth A. Nielsen). Three of the original directors 
from Boone Valley (Urban Knobbe, Eldon Peterson, and 
Don Frye) rounded out the nine. The board included both 
managers and farmers.
 Now let’s step back for a minute: In 1983, when AGP 
was created, soybean processing margins were horrible; 
little or no proﬁ t could be made processing soybeans. All the 
cooperative soybean processors were struggling. “There’s 
always a reason why things happen in organizations; that 
was one of the reasons. The economics of the industry were 
so horrible that it was advantageous to put the many soybean 
processors together. As things worked out, the new Boone 
Valley ended up buying soybean processing plants owned 
by Land O’Lakes and Farmland Industries. Remember–Ag 
Processing wasn’t even in existence at that time. So how was 
Boone Valley (which was also struggling ﬁ nancially in 1983) 
able to afford these massive purchases? Because in late 
1983 Land O’Lakes and Farmland Industries each ﬁ nanced 
the sale of their own plants to the new Boone Valley–the 
organization that we now know as AGP. If Boone Valley 
hadn’t been in dire ﬁ nancial straits, AGP would never have 
come into existence.
 “The merger deal was ﬁ nalized on 31 Aug. 1983. 
Remember I said that everything happens for a reason. If it 
hadn’t happened by that exact date, the entire deal would 
not have worked out–because Farmland’s ﬁ scal year ended 
on August 31. Farmland wanted to ﬁ nalize the sale by Aug. 
31 so they could show that income in their annual report. 
Farmland sold the plants for more than their depreciated 
value, so the income went strait to their bottom line. They 
needed proﬁ t to save face, because the cooperatives weren’t 

=== PAGE 324 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   324
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
making any money for their members–the farmers that 
ultimately owned them. The date wasn’t crucial for Land 
O’Lakes, because their ﬁ scal year ended on Dec. 31.” 
Bill wanted to include these crucial details in the book by 
Finnerty, but they were edited out by other board members 
from Farmland and Land O’Lakes for the sake of “co-op 
politics.”
 So the new Boone Valley Cooperative Processing 
Association ofﬁ cially came into existence on 31 Aug. 1983. 
The next day Bill Lester changed from being the general 
manager of Boone Valley (at Eagle Grove, Iowa) to being 
the plant manager at Eagle Grove. Morrie Sturtz, who had 
been Bill’s assistant manager of the old Boone Valley was 
appointed general manager of the new Boone Valley at Eagle 
Grove.
 Farmland Industries contributed 3 soybean processing 
plants to AGP: A big plant at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa (2,000 
tons/day capacity; Bill built that plant for Farmland), a 
fairly large plant at St. Joseph Missouri (1,500 tons/day; it 
had been started by Dannen Mills), and a small plant at Van 
Buren, Arkansas (600 tons/day).
 Land O’Lakes wanted to sell their soybean plants on 
Aug. 31 because they also needed (by Dec. 31) some money 
to go to their bottom line. Moreover, the soybean plants had 
nothing to do with Land O’Lakes’ core business–which was 
dairy products. Land O’Lakes contributed two active plants 
(Sheldon, Iowa; and Dawson, Minnesota) plus the inactive 
plant at Fort Dodge, Iowa–which still had some value. Later, 
the roughly 500,000 bushel steel grain storage tank was 
moved to Sergeant Bluff, Iowa. The processing equipment 
was either relocated, sold or mothballed. Not long ago the 
old processing building was demolished and some of the 
property may have been given to the city of Fort Dodge.
 Boone Valley in Eagle Grove, Iowa, had always been an 
independent cooperative prior to 1983, when it became part 
of the new Boone Valley; it was never acquired by or merged 
with another organization. Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
934. Lester, Bill. 2005. Boone Valley and the origins of 
Ag Processing Inc (AGP). Part III (Interview). SoyaScan 
Notes. June 28. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: Continued: Boone Valley now had to ﬁ nd a 
dynamic leader to run the new business–which was deeply 
in debt. A committee was formed and a head-hunting 
consultant was hired to let it be known that the job was 
available and to interview candidates. After seven weeks, 
in about Oct. 1983, the board of directors chose James W. 
Lindsay as general manager and CEO. Lindsay had been a 
vice-president at ADM–a private company and a competitor. 
“Jim possessed a great knowledge of soybean processing 
and vegetable oil reﬁ ning; he worked his way up through the 
ranks at ADM. He had also spent time in Brazil in charge 
of ADM’s Brazilian operations. He was also a good leader, 
by giving you a job to do and the parameters, then letting 
you do it, with minimum updates unless you were deviating 
from the original discussion–a good boss and a very capable 
individual.” “Jim was a bit of a renegade. He didn’t go along 
with all of ADM’s philosophy and practices. He and I used 
to kid each other that we were a rare breed–neither of us had 
a college degree.” When Jim came to work at Boone Valley. 
He brought with him three coworkers and lieutenants from 
ADM: Jim Yeates, who became vice president for operations; 
Tony Porter, to be vice president for marketing and 
transportation; and Joe Meyer who became vice-president 
for vegetable oils and a meal exports. Not long afterwards, 
Daryl Dahl left Merrill Lynch to join the new cooperative as 
hedging center manager.
 It was quickly decided to locate the new company’s 
corporate ofﬁ ces in Omaha, Nebraska. Initially, the Omaha 
Bank for Cooperatives offered temporary ofﬁ ce space for the 
new management and staff. Lindsay and his team replaced 
some of the managers and other top employees at the 5 other 
soybean processors. “But overall there really weren’t that 
many. Some refused or hesitated to change the way they had 
been doing things. Lindsay said, you’re going to have to 
change, because the old way hasn’t been working.” It was 
painful for some who had spent their lives in the soybean 
processing business and lost their jobs.
 The board of directors and Jim Lindsay felt strongly 
that the new company needed a new name. A stigma had 
attached to the name “Boone Valley” because of all its 
ﬁ nancial problems. On 7 March 1984 the name of the new 
company was changed from Boone Valley Cooperative 
Processing Association to “Ag Processing Inc a cooperative.” 
Punctuation was deliberately omitted.” A new logo was 
also adopted “AGP” in gold letters on a green background. 
Before long the company was widely called simply “AGP.” 
That logo has been updated twice to adjust to the changing 
times.
 Bill recalls: In February 1984 Jim Lindsay called me 
into Omaha. He said, “Bill, I want you to come into Omaha. 
I know soybean processing backwards and forwards. I know 
reﬁ ning. I know the soybean side of it. But I don’t know 
anything about cooperatives. You’ve spent your whole life in 
them. I want you to come in and to head up the department 
known as Member Relations and Governmental Affairs.” In 
mid-June 1984, Jim and his family moved from Eagle Grove, 
Iowa, to Omaha, Nebraska. “Jim Lindsay had the private 
sector mentality and I had the cooperative mentality; we 
created what we called a ‘new hybrid.’” Bill stayed in this 
position until he retired on 1 June 1993.
 Today AGP is strong organization. They haven’t grown 
as much during the last 10 in sales and proﬁ ts as they did 
during their ﬁ rst 10 years in part because they are in a mature 
industry (soybean processing), with strong competitors such 
as ADM and Cargill. In the early years, much of their growth 
was from diversiﬁ cation, as into soybean oil reﬁ ning, and 

=== PAGE 325 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   325
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
from building new plants (as at Hastings and Emmetsburg). 
“AGP has done a tremendous job in the international 
marketplace. The terminal they built on the Paciﬁ c Coast at 
Grays Harbor in Washington state has been growing by leaps 
and bounds and is now a big asset. Their biodiesel business 
is also poised for growth. Jim Lindsay and Bill got AGP’s 
soy biodiesel started in its infancy. Two men in Kansas City, 
Missouri [Bill Ayres and Doug Pickering], were talking 
about and playing around with biodiesel. “We put $50,000 
into their business in about 1990-91 and now AGP owns that 
company.”
 Bill retired on 1 June 1993. Tremendous changes have 
taken place in agriculture since then. Bill has kept in touch 
with developments at AGP since that time. He has continued 
to live in Omaha. During the summer, he and his family go 
to their cabin on Spirit Lake in Northwest Iowa. Nowadays 
he goes to AGP headquarters 2-3 times a month during the 
non-summer months.
 The future of the big cooperatives looks limited to 
Bill because it is a mature industry. There may be growth 
of 3-5% a year. AGP also has a small grain operation; they 
work with the members–the local cooperatives–to help 
them merchandise their grain in other parts of the USA 
and abroad. For example, they use their 100-car trains to 
move corn and soybeans down to their facilities near the big 
feedlots in Texas. The logistics is too complex and expensive 
for the small guys. Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
935. Lester, Bill. 2005. Land O’Lakes, soybean processing, 
and Ag Processing Inc (AGP) (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. 
June 28. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: Land O’Lakes (a dairy regional cooperative 
in Minnesota) ﬁ rst got involved in soybean processing in 
1970 when the Farmers Regional Cooperative Company 
merged into Land O’Lakes. The Big 4 Cooperative (which 
had soybean crushing plants at Sheldon, Iowa, and Fort 
Dodge, Iowa) then became a division of Land O’Lakes. In 
1980 Dawson Mills, which was on the verge of bankruptcy 
because its Specialty Foods Division was losing so much 
money, merged into Land O’Lakes. Bill believes Land 
O’Lakes agreed to acquire Dawson Mills largely for 
reasons related cooperative politics–they bailed them out, 
being unwilling to just stand by and watch a major fellow 
cooperative go under. Moreover, Land O’Lakes had a 
feed mill in Dawson city. Saving Dawson Mills cost Land 
O’Lakes millions of dollars. In June 1982 the Fort Dodge 
plant (which had previously been owned and operated 
by Cargill) was permanently shut down: it never really 
operated after the merger with Land O’Lakes. So when AGP 
was formed, Land O’Lakes contributed only two soybean 
processing plants: Sheldon, Iowa, and Dawson, Minnesota. 
Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
936. Lester, Bill. 2005. History of his work with cooperative 
soybean processing (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. June 28. 
Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Bill spent 8 years with the old Farmers Grain 
Terminal Association; he was managing their grain buying 
ofﬁ ce in Windom, Minnesota. Then in Aug. 1965 he went to 
the soybean processing plant at Sheldon, Iowa as assistant 
manager to Ken McQueen; on 1 Oct. 1967 he became 
general manager. From the same desk in the ofﬁ ce in 
Sheldon, he worked for the old Big 4 Cooperative, then for 
Felco, then for Land O’Lakes. Then in 1973 he left Sheldon 
and went to work for Farmland Industries when they built the 
new plant at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa (he and his family lived 
in nearby Sioux City). And ﬁ nally he had worked for Boone 
Valley at Eagle Grove, Iowa. As one guy said, “Hell, Bill 
knows where all the skeletons are buried.” Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska.
937. Lester, Bill. 2005. Cooperatives in America today 
(Interview). SoyaScan Notes. June 28-29. Conducted by 
William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Bill has worked in cooperatives almost all his 
life. His dad spent more than 40 years in the grain business, 
so that’s (mainly) how he got into it. Today in the Midwest, 
an estimated 95% or more of all grain and soybean elevators 
are cooperatively owned! Thus, most farmers in the Midwest 
belong to at least one cooperative, typically a local elevator 
to which they sell their corn, soybeans, wheat, etc.–and 
which they and other nearby farmers own! The same is true 
in California for fruits and vegetables. A co-op represents 
almost every type of fruit, nut, and vegetable–such as 
Sunmaid raisins, Blue Diamond almonds, etc.
 A cooperative elevator can sell its soybeans and grain to 
whomever it wants. It has no obligation to sell to cooperative 
processors–although it is advantageous to sell to a 
cooperative processor if that processor is generally proﬁ table 
and is located nearby. In fact, cooperative processors don’t 
have nearly enough capacity to process all the grain in co-
op elevators. So inevitably these elevators sell a lot of their 
grain and soybeans to private-sector processors. A private 
company like ADM feels no threat or problem from being 
surrounded by cooperative elevators.
 About 95% of the grain that moves out of the Midwest, 
where it is produced, moves in “unit trains” with at least 104 
cars per train. It has to load in one place in 24 hours, then 
heads for water, such as Grays Harbor, Washington, on the 
Paciﬁ c Coast, or New Orleans, Louisiana; or it may end up 
going to feed lots in Texas, Colorado, or California.
 In terms of mergers, Bill notes: “Each cooperative has 
a little bit different political philosophy. That’s the main 
reason that some mergers happen and others don’t. One of 
the main reasons that Farmland didn’t go together with that 
Cenex Harvest States about ten years ago was the political 
differences within the boards. Its that internal cooperative 

=== PAGE 326 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   326
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
politics, which has in part to do with personalities. The 
composition of the board of directors of a co-op–especially 
10-20 years ago–is a key determinant of that co-op’s political 
philosophy. For example, the old Felco organization was a 
manager-type organization in that its board was made of up 
of local cooperative managers. But Land O’Lakes was more 
of a farmer-type organization, with primarily farmers on its 
board. Yet Farmers Regional Cooperative Co. went together 
perfectly with Land O’Lakes. After the merger, however, 
the two boards worked it out among themselves so that the 
resulting board (of Land O’Lakes) was composed of both 
managers and farmers / producers. The mixture worked out 
very well, since both managers and farmers bring different 
but very important perspectives to the table. AGP’s board 
is also a mixture of farmers and managers. The old Farmers 
Union GTA and the old Central Exchange had only farmers 
on their boards–no managers. Those with managers on their 
board have a stronger business orientation.
 Farmland Industries has been in Chapter 11 bankruptcy 
since 31 May 2002 and is being liquidated. So their feed 
plant is in a joint venture with CHS (Cenex / Harvest 
States). Farmland’s fertilizer operation is in an LLC (limited 
liability company) joint venture with Land O’Lakes and 
CHS. Bill does not know what happens when one of the 
partners in a joint venture declares bankruptcy; it becomes 
complicated. In the past, when a cooperative has gone out of 
business, other cooperatives have almost always come in and 
purchased its assets. Farmland had a big feed mill at Eagle 
Grove that belonged to Boone Valley; part of the deal when 
AGP was formed was that Farmland got that mill. But since 
Farmland has been in bankruptcy, that feed mill has been 
sold off to the local Gold Eagle Cooperative in Eagle Groove 
and they are operating it now–proﬁ tably. Much of the money 
that Farmland owed was owed to local cooperative elevators; 
if they are making money, they can just write it off as a 
bad debt and use it as a tax deduction. “They get a reverse 
allocation from Farmland, that they can apply against their 
earnings for tax purposes.” This Farmland bankruptcy is a 
big dark cloud over the cooperative community in the USA. 
There used to be many regional grain cooperatives operating 
in the Midwest. Today there is only one left operating–CHS 
(Cenex / Harvest States)–and they are very strong. Cenex 
used to be the old Farmers Union Central Exchange, which 
was basically a supply co-op, very similar to Farmland; one 
of their core businesses was petroleum. They owned oil wells 
and reﬁ neries, and with today’s high petroleum prices they 
are making big proﬁ ts.
 There is a new trend among some producer cooperatives. 
Soybean processors (such as the one at Brewster, Minnesota) 
or ethanol producers, start as cooperatives but, after several 
years with no proﬁ ts and growing losses, they switch to 
being LLCs (limited liability companies). The same farmers 
own them–but these are now your typical farmers who 
are much bigger than in earlier times–farming on average 
something like 1,500 to 2,000 acres–depending on the 
area. Under an LLC they have limited liabilities and, often 
more important. they can pass those losses back and take 
advantage of them for tax purposes. Losses are of no tax 
advantage to a cooperative.
 The single biggest challenge for cooperatives is 
ﬁ nd good management–businessmen who can compete 
successfully with their corporate counterparts, like ADM and 
Cargill. Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
938. Lester, Bill. 2005. How cooperatives in America today 
pay taxes and allocate earnings (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. 
June 28-29. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: Private businesses like to complain that 
cooperatives have an unfair advantage in that they pay no 
taxes on most proﬁ ts. Yet in every AGP annual report, right 
after “net sales for the year,” is an entry for “Earnings [proﬁ t] 
before income taxes.” Under cooperative law in most of the 
states (including Iowa, where AGP is chartered, because they 
kept the old charter from Boone Valley), it is required that 
10% of your earnings / proﬁ ts have to go to “unallocated 
surplus,” which is basically internal capitalization = 
unallocated funds, which a co-op cannot distribute to its 
members. The co-op (AGP) must pay federal, state, and 
local income taxes (every tax that every other corporation 
pays) on that 10%, but only on that 10%. Say that AGP 
last year had earning of $10 million. $1 million will go to 
unallocated surplus, and taxes will be paid on that at the 
regular corporate rate. The rest of the unallocated surplus can 
be used by AGP for capitalization (working capital, etc.) to 
grow and maintain existing plants. This money saves AGP 
from having to borrow that money; basically AGP borrows 
the money from itself.
 The other 90% ($9 million) of the earnings each year 
go to the “allocated equities” / “allocated patronage” 
(pronounced PAT-run-uj) account. This money is allocated 
back to the member owners / stockholders (all cooperatives) 
proportional to the amount of business each member did with 
AGP during the last ﬁ scal year–NOT proportional to their 
investment / stock in AGP.
 Of that $9 million, AGP typically pays back 30% in cash 
to the cooperatives that are member owners. If a particular 
local member co-op keeps the cash, they must pay tax on it. 
Or that co-op may choose, instead, to allocate the cash back 
to their producers / farmer members, who must then pay the 
taxes.
 The other 70% of the 9 million is paid into an account 
called “retained earnings.” This represents an increase in the 
members’ ownership of AGP and, for tax purposes, the local 
member cooperative must take this as income, even though 
they didn’t get it in cash. If a particular member co-op keeps 
the “retained earnings,” they must pay tax on it. Or that co-
op may choose, instead, to allocate the “retained earnings” 

=== PAGE 327 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   327
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
back to their producers / farmer members, who must then 
pay the taxes. Bill says: “Let’s put it this way. When they 
receive it, its patronage. After they’ve had it for about a 
week, it becomes equity. It changes in meaning because they 
didn’t get any money. It’s really a bookkeeping thing.” Every 
member of AGP has a stock ownership account.
 So you can see a difference between the way 
corporations (such as ADM) and cooperatives as taxed. The 
corporation must pay corporate taxes on all its proﬁ ts before 
the stockholders get any money. Then when the stockholders 
get their dividends, they must pay an income tax on them; 
this is called double taxation.
 In conclusion, Bill admits that cooperatives do have 
a small break when it comes to income taxes. It’s not 
as big a break as it used to be. But corporations have an 
advantage when it comes to borrowing money–they can 
issue stock to raise the money from the general public. The 
corporation pays no interest on this money, as a co-op if it 
borrowed money from a bank. However, pretty soon, the 
corporation must pay the new stockholder a return on their 
investment. Corporations have another important advantage, 
when it comes to depreciation and investment tax credits; 
cooperative law says that these really don’t do a cooperative 
any good in reducing taxes.
 So looking at the big picture, Bill believes cooperatives 
do not have any signiﬁ cant advantage over the corporations 
against whom they compete. When corporations say 
“Cooperatives pay no taxes, so its hard for us to compete 
with them,” they are misleading those who are unaware of 
the details. They are only telling half of the story.
 Another detail: All of the soybeans processed by AGP 
come from member elevators. In good years, AGP has paid 
a patronage refund of as much as $0.25 to $0.30/bushel on 
soybeans. So AGP may write a check for $50,000 one year 
to one of its member elevators. That money goes into the 
elevator’s “patronage pool.” Suppose that elevator makes 
only $50,000 proﬁ t that year. He divides that $50,000 among 
all his member farmers, whether they grow soybeans, corn, 
wheat, or whatever. The money is not divided among only 
the soybean farmers. But, actually, its not a big deal because 
most farmers grow both soybeans and corn–the two main 
crops grown in Iowa today. Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
939. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2005. Soy biodiesel 
moves forward: AGP expands SoyGold® production. No. 2. 
p. 1-2. [June].
• Summary: Joe Jobe, Executive Director of the National 
Biodiesel Board (NBB) says the soy biodiesel industry is 
making great progress. A federal tax incentive program that 
went into effect on 1 Jan. 2005, the singer Willie Nelson has 
been educating people, and state biodiesel initiatives are of 
great help. ABB estimates that biodiesel sales have jumped 
from 500,000 in 1999 to 20 million gallons in 2004.
 AGP is in the forefront of soy biodiesel; in 1996 it 
became the ﬁ rst U.S. company to construct a purpose-built 
biodiesel for its SoyGold brand. Now AGP is expanding its 
production facility at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa, by about 60%–
expected to be completed by July 1.
 A photo shows work continuing on the expansion of 
AGP’s methyl ester plant in Sgt. Bluff, Iowa.
940. Sioux City Journal (Iowa). 2005. AGP announces 
expansion of biodiesel plant. July 23. p. A3.
• Summary: The expansion will be completed in the fall of 
2006.
941. Miller, Tommy. 2005. Riceland Foods no longer 
operates a soybean crushing plant at Helena, Arkansas. It is 
now closed (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. July 25. Conducted 
by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: In 1984, Riceland sold this plant in Helena, 
Arkansas, to Quincy Soybean Co., which was acquired by 
ADM in about 1998. ADM shut down the plant in about 
2003. Soybean acreage in the South has not decreased. This 
cutback is because newer and larger plants are more efﬁ cient, 
and have lower processing costs. At the time it was built, in 
1964, Riceland’s plant in Helena, Arkansas, was the larger 
and more modern of the two, but this was not the case by 
1984, when the plant at Stuttgart had become the larger and 
more modern of the two. Address: Soybean Div., Riceland 
Foods. Phone: 870-673-5500.
942. Givens, Joe. 2005. Early history of work with Dawson 
Mills (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. July 26. Conducted by 
William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: When Joe began as manager of Dawson Mills 
in Jan. 1952, all members of the cooperative were farmers. 
After about 2 days, Joe realized that this was an unworkable 
structure. The members should be the cooperative grain 
elevators, which were owned by the farmers and to which 
the farmers sold their grain. That would greatly simplify the 
buying and delivery of soybeans each day, the accounting 
and paying of patronage refunds at the end of each ﬁ scal 
year, the conduct of annual meetings, etc.
 Every day, the local cooperative elevators set the price 
that they would pay to farmers for soybeans. If the price 
went up, the farmers sold a lot of soybeans to the elevator, 
but if it went down, they usually sold none. “They aren’t 
dumb.”
 Dawson Mills needed soybeans to process every day, 
and they decided what they were willing to pay–largely by 
looking at the closing price on the Chicago Board of Trade 
and then subtracting about 25-30 cents. Once a day, Dawson 
Mills would call the local radio station and tell them the price 
they were willing to pay for soybeans that day. Each day at 
2:00 p.m. the local radio station would announce the price 
Dawson was paying per bushel of soybeans delivered on that 
day. All the elevator managers in the region were listening 

=== PAGE 328 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   328
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
to these announcements. At the same time, the prices being 
paid by other soybean crushers in the region (Dawson’s 
competitors such as Cargill and Continental Grain) were also 
announced. Note: Prices were also offered for other crops, 
such as corn, wheat, oats, barley, etc. Dawson Mills had no 
idea whether or not it was going be able to buy any soybeans 
that day–whether any elevator accepted its bid. Each 
elevator manager typically sold to the highest bidder–after 
transportation costs were deducted. Yet it was not quite so 
simple. Dawson Mills had a small but important advantage 
over its private competitors, since the cooperative elevators 
(which owned Dawson Mills) might get a patronage refund 
at the end of the year from Dawson, but they could never get 
such a refund from private companies.
 When Joe began as manager, Dawson Mills was 
essentially bankrupt. So the bank said, “We’ll advance you 
enough money to accumulate two day’s supply of soybeans–
no more.” If Dawson Mills received no deliveries for two 
days, they would have no soybeans to process. Therefore 
Dawson’s bid had to compete with that of the other buyers–
who were bidding competitively for the same soybeans every 
day.
 Note: Actually, the way of determining prices and 
buying soybeans was much more complicated than described 
above. Address: 6566 France Ave. S. #906, Edina, Minnesota 
55435. Phone: 952-926-7828.
943. Lester, William C. 2005. Biography. Omaha, Nebraska. 
1 p.
• Summary: 1931 May 17–Born in Lismore, Minnesota. 
1949–Graduated from Worthington High School, 
Worthington, Minnesota. 1949 Sept. to 1951 Jan.–Attended 
Worthington Junior College.
 1951 Jan. 15 to 1954 Oct. 23–United States Air Force.
 1952 Aug. 9–Married Marion G. Ramerth in 
Worthington, Minnesota. Born on 11 Jan. 1933 on a farm 
in Murray County, Minnesota (3½ miles south of Fulda), 
she was the daughter of Frederick J. Ramerth and Esther 
Kunerth. Bill and Marion had 5 children (3 girls and 2 boys) 
now ranging in age from 52 to 45, plus 4 grandchildren and 5 
great-grandchildren.
 Work career: 1954 Nov. to 1957 Oct. 11–Fraser-Smith 
Grain Co., Minneapolis, Minnesota.
 1957 Nov. 1 to 1965 Aug. 15–Farmers Union Grain 
Terminal Grain Terminal Association (GTA), Windom, 
Minnesota. Managed grain buying ofﬁ ce.
 1965 Aug. 18 to 1967 Oct. 1–Big 4 Cooperative 
Processing Assn., Sheldon, Iowa. Asst. manager, soybean 
plant.
 1967 Oct. 1 to 1970 Jan. 1–Farmers Regional 
Cooperative, Sheldon, Iowa. (On 1 Oct. 1967 Big 4 merged 
with Farmers Regional Cooperative).
 1970 Jan. 1 to 1973 Oct. 31–Land O’Lakes, Inc., 
Sheldon, Iowa. General manager, soybean plant (On 1 Jan. 
1970 Farmers Regional Cooperative merged with Land 
O’Lakes, Inc.).
 1973 Nov. 1 to 1982 Jan. 16–Farmland Industries, Inc., 
Sergeant Bluff, Iowa. General manager of new soybean 
processing plant, which started operating on 1 Oct. 1975; 
under construction before that.
 1982 Jan. 17 to 1982 April 30–Boone Valley 
Cooperative Processing Assn., Eagle Grove, Iowa. Interim 
general manager, on loan from Farmland Industries.
 1982 May 1 to 1983 Aug. 31–Boone Valley Cooperative 
Processing, Eagle Grove, Iowa. General manager. (The 
merger that formed Ag Processing Inc (AGP) took place on 
31 Aug. 1983).
 1983 Sept. 1 to 1984 June 16–Ag Processing Inc (AGP), 
Eagle Grove, Iowa. Plant merchandising manager.
 1984 June 17 to 1993 May 31–Ag Processing Inc 
(AGP), Omaha, Nebraska. Vice president of member & 
corporate and government relations.
 1993 June 1–Retired from Ag Processing Inc (AGP).
 Note: Bill is widely recognized as a pioneer and very 
important ﬁ gure in the world of cooperative soybean 
processing. Address: 1405 S. 118th St., Omaha, Nebraska 
68144. Phone: 402-333-2366.
944. Farmer, Richard. 2005. History of work at soybean 
processing plants (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. Aug. 3. 
Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: Dick served two stints on the NSPA / NOPA 
safety committee, one in the 1980s and one from 1994 to 
2004. The committee created some early safety reports 
related to solvent extraction, but they were for in-house use 
by members of the Association. In addition, many companied 
developed their own reports.
 Dick started in the soybean business in 1959 with Swift 
& Co. He is aware of the Monticello Co-operative Soybean 
Products Co. (Monticello, Piatt Co., Illinois). They were a 
small plant, still in operation in 1978, and he believes that 
they are still operating. At one point their name was Viobin, 
and they were extracting wheat germ oil from wheat germ 
for the health food trade. Note: A Web search shows that as 
of Aug. 2005 Viobin USA (A division of McShares, Inc.) was 
at 226 West Livingston, Monticello, Illinois 61856. Phone: 
217-762-2561. Website: www.viobinusa.com. The company 
produces defatted wheat germ and wheat germ oil.
 The sewer explosion in Louisville, Kentucky, was 
perhaps the major reason that Ralston Purina got out of the 
soybean crushing business, but there were other factors. All 
of their plants were fairly small and relatively old, and some 
early ones (such as the plant in Memphis, Tennessee) now 
had towns growing around them, so there was no room to 
expand.
 Another important soybean explosion was the one at 
Quincy Soybean, in Quincy, Illinois, and later related to 
Helena, Arkansas.

=== PAGE 329 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   329
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 The original desolventizer, developed in Germany, was 
called a Schneckens. It used jacketed screw conveyors and 
condensed solvent that came off the meal–very inefﬁ cient. 
However it gave desolventized meal with a low PDI (protein 
dispersibility index, of about 60). Later, some Schneckens 
were made in the USA.
 The ﬁ rst desolventizer-toaster was developed in the USA 
in the late 1940s or early 1950s by Central Soya Co. Dick 
thinks Norm Kruse has the process patent and French Oil 
Machinery Co. has the equipment patent. It, of course, gave 
meal with a low pdi.
 The EMI developed the ﬂ ash desolventizer, which used 
superheated solvent vapors to get rid of 95% of the hexane. It 
was designed to give meal with a high pdi, that could be used 
in foods. Another innovation was the vapor desolventizer.
 Dick studied engineering as an undergraduate at the 
University of Illinois at Urbana, but he did not graduate. He 
also worked and was married. He went on to earn an MBA at 
the same university.
 He worked for Bunge for many years before he retired 
last year. The last plant of which he was in charge was in 
Marks, Mississippi. Address: Chesterﬁ eld, Missouri (near St. 
Louis). Phone: 314-576-1794.
945. Levin, Helen. 2005. Ezra Levin and the Viobin 
Company in Monticello, Illinois (Interview). SoyaScan 
Notes. Aug. 4. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: Ezra Levin founded the Viobin Company in 
1933. He was married twice and Helen is his second wife; 
they were married in 1940 and had 3 children. Ezra was 20 
years older than Helen. Ezra is no longer living, but Helen 
has many scrapbooks about him and his career. Ezra did his 
undergraduate work at either the University of Michigan or 
Michigan State Univ. (MSU) He earned his MS degree in 
biochemistry from MSU, and was later awarded an honorary 
doctorate decree by MSU–where he was a professor of 
biochemistry for many years. He invented a process and was 
issued a patent for solvent extraction of wheat germ to make 
two products which would not spoil: wheat germ oil (Viobin 
brand for humans; Rex brand for animals) and defatted 
wheat germ meal.
 He acquired an existing company in Monticello 
(pronounced mon-tuh-SELL-oh) and adapted it to his solvent 
process. Initially his ofﬁ ce was in Chicago, but after he and 
Helen were married, they moved to Champaign, Illinois.
 Under the pseudonym Hayden Roberts, he had a radio 
program on personal health, broadcast from a station in 
Chicago.
 Helen has 7-10 scrapbooks of newspaper clippings about 
Ezra Levin. She will send Soyfoods Center copies of several 
of these articles. Viobin is wheatgerm oil for humans; Rex 
is for animals. Viobin is now a division of McShares, Inc. 
which purchased it in 1996.
 Note: Nobody at Viobin USA in Monticello has any 
information about the history of this company or cares 
about that history. There is no history at all on their website. 
Address: Champaign, Illinois. Phone: 217-352-3874.
946. CHS to process Monsanto’s Vistive™ low-linolenic 
soybeans (News release). 2005. St. Louis, Missouri: 
Monsanto Co. 2 p.
• Summary: CHS stands for Cenex Harvest States, a 
cooperative.
 “Vistive soybeans, developed through conventional 
breeding, contain less than 3 percent linolenic acid as 
compared to the typical 8 percent level found in traditional 
soybeans. The result is a more stable soybean oil, with less 
need for hydrogenation. Because soybeans with a lower 
linolenic acid level reduce the need for partial hydrogenation, 
their application in processed soybean oils will reduce the 
presence of trans fats in processed soybean oil.
 “The development of Vistive is signi ﬁ cant because, 
beginning Jan. 1, 2006, all food products and dietary 
supplements bearing a nutritional facts panel that are 
regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and 
sold in the United States will be required to list trans fat 
content.
 “’This is an innovative business solution for our food-
grade oils customers,’ said Jay Debertin, Executive Vice 
President, CHS Processing. ‘But it is also an excellent 
example of creating a new market value for soybeans, which 
is what today’s producers are looking for. CHS is excited to 
participate in a program that helps move soybeans higher up 
the value chain in today’s market.’
 “’We contracted all available Vistive soybeans in 2005, 
so we know that this product is in demand. We are very 
pleased to partner with an industry leader like CHS to ensure 
a successful expansion of Vistive soybeans in 2006,’ said 
Kerry Preete, Vice President of U.S. Crop Production for 
Monsanto. ‘Vistive not only supports growing consumer 
demand for healthier foods, but also represents an important 
investment in the future success of the U.S. soybean 
industry.’
 “Monsanto expects that Vistive soybeans will be grown 
on nearly 500,000 acres in 2006. Vistive soybeans have the 
Roundup Ready® trait and maintain performance parity with 
leading soybean varieties. For 2006, Vistive will be available 
in Monsanto’s Asgrow® brand, as well as Stine®, Prairie™ 
Brand Seed. Latham® Seed, Kruger™ Seed Company, 
Croplan Genetics®, FS HiSOY®, LG® Seeds, Producers 
Hybrids®, Midwest Seed Genetics®, Crow’s® and NC+® 
seed brands.
 “CHS will process contracted Vistive soybeans at its 
plant in Fairmont, Minnesota.”
947. Dannan, Walter. 2005. St. Joseph Grain Exchange: How 
Dannen Mills bought its soybeans (Interview). SoyaScan 

=== PAGE 330 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   330
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Notes. Sept. 2. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: The St. Joseph Grain Exchange, which started 
in 1923, is one of the oldest in America. Walter was its 
secretary for 36 years, from 1964 to 2000, when he retired. 
They were a cash market for soybeans. There are two types 
of markets: Cash markets and futures markets. The most 
famous futures market for soybeans is at the Chicago Board 
of Trade, but there was also one (for wheat) in Minneapolis, 
Minnesota. There were about 25-30 cash markets for 
soybeans, and St. Joseph was also one of the oldest of these. 
Address: St. Joseph, Missouri. Phone: 816-232-3413.
948. Dannen, Kent. 2005. Dannen Mills archives and a 
3-page history in St. Joseph, Missouri (Interview). SoyaScan 
Notes. Sept. 9. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyfoods 
Center.
• Summary: The archives, consisting of at least 10 
scrapbooks, Henry L. Dannen’s appointment books, and a 
3-page company history, are located at the family home, 9 
Eastwod Drive, in St Joseph, Missouri. Kent’s father, Dwight 
L. Dannen, died in Jan. 2005. Kent’s mother now lives at 
the family home. She has two sons and some daughters. 
Kent, the eldest, lives in Colorado. Douglas, his brother, who 
worked with their father, lives in Orlando, Florida (5566 
Brookline; phone 407-876-8427). Kent has memories of his 
grandfather, Henry Dannen, who died when Kent was age 
10.
 In the scrapbooks are hundreds of articles (almost all 
neatly dated) about Dannen Mills–most published in the 
St. Joseph News-Press. The oldest album Kent can ﬁ nd 
right now is from 1955, however he is sure there are some 
older ones somewhere. He is just visiting from Colorado. 
He is a photographer, especially of dogs. He has started to 
go through his father’s photo’s with the idea of staging an 
exhibit at the Patee Museum (pronounced PAY-tee) in St. 
Joseph. He is interested in Shurtleff’s idea of contributing 
the Dannen Mills archives to that museum, and using the 
photo exhibit as an announcement of the donation. Address: 
Colorado.
949. Lester, Bill. 2005. Re: Overview of Arkansas Grain 
Cooperative and Riceland Foods, Inc. Letter (e-mail) to 
William Shurtleff at Soyfoods Center, Sept. 12. 1 p.
• Summary: Arkansas Grain Cooperative changed its name 
to Riceland Foods, Inc. in the 1970s. They still operate a big 
soybean processing plant in Stuttgart, Arkansas.
 Their ﬁ rst plant, at Stuttgart, Arkansas, began operating 
in late 1960. They upgraded that plant, later built a new one 
(about 1968), and ﬁ nally combined them into one.
 Their second plant at Helena, Arkansas, began operating 
in about July 1964. They sold this plant in the 1980s to 
Quincy Soy Products Co, which was owned by the Moormon 
Family, and Quincy later sold the plant to ADM in the 1990s.
 At one time, 25-30 years ago, Riceland’s soybean 
growers “pooled” their soybeans, because they basically 
did not have any elevators, being more of a centralized 
cooperative. The grower could either sell his beans to the 
market or elect to go into the pool. Those who chose the 
latter option would deliver their soybeans to Riceland. If 
soybeans were selling for $5 a bushel on that day, the farmer 
who was “pooling” his soybeans might get an “up-front” of 
$2. As the year passed, Riceland would process the soybeans, 
merchandise them out, etc. Then the proﬁ ts from that would 
go back to the producers. Bill thinks that this whole approach 
of “pooling” never worked out that well, and did not last 
for long. Moreover, a lot of rice farmers in California pool 
their rice. For more information contact the communication 
department at Riceland Foods, Inc., P.O. Box 927, Stuttgart, 
Arkansas 72160. Phone: 870-673-5500.
 Note: The Riceland website (Sept. 2005) says that 
“Riceland provides marketing services for rice, soybeans, 
and wheat grown by its 9,000 farmer-members in Arkansas, 
Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, and Texas. Each year 
its 1,900 employees receive, store, transport, process, and 
market more than 125 million bushels (2.5 million metric 
tons) of grain.” Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
950. Lester, Bill. 2005. Re: Farmland Industries and its 
bankruptcy. Letter (e-mail) to William Shurtleff at Soyfoods 
Center, Oct. 11. 1 p.
• Summary: Farmland Industries, Inc. was a Kansas 
corporation even though it was headquartered in Kansas City, 
Missouri. A company’s headquarters doesn’t have to be in 
the same state in which it is incorporated. For example, AGP 
is an Iowa corporation, because it is doing business under 
the old Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association 
charter.
 Farmland Industries ﬁ led for bankruptcy on May 
31, 2002. Their reorganization plan has basically been 
liquidation, by selling off assets to pay debt. Bill thinks that 
they have paid 100% of the money owed to the secured and 
unsecured debt holders, but member stockholders have lost 
all their equity. Farmland is still in existence, but they have 
no operating units left. Its a sad state, to say the least, for 
a once proud and viable company. Bill was personally an 
unsecured debtor on his last deferred compensation payment; 
he has received 100% of the money owed, but no interest. 
Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
951. Baker, David. 2005. Re: Kosmos Portland Cement 
Co. in Kosmosdale, Jefferson Co., Kentucky, started grow 
soybeans near the start of World War II and dried them near 
its kilns. Letter (e-mail) to Ms. Perry, Ms. Hornback, and 
Prof Ted Hymowitz, Oct. 18. 1 p.
• Summary: The company owned several hundred acres, 
mostly as a reserve for its underlying clay, which was 
used in making Portland cement. Until the late 1930s the 

=== PAGE 331 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   331
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Kosmos acreage was farmed, either under lease or share-crop 
arrangements with local farmers. But near the start of World 
War II, Kosmos began its own farming operation, growing 
soybeans. An elderly stroke victim (interviewee) told David 
that Kosmos was one of the ﬁ rst successful soybean growers 
in that region.
 The interviewee said that in those days growers in this 
part of Kentucky had great difﬁ culty with mold and rotting 
of the crop, but that Kosmos avoided that by storing the 
harvested soybeans near the kilns used to make their cement 
and “always got top dollar for their crop.”
 David has 3 questions: (1) When did soybeans become a 
signiﬁ cant crop in Kentucky, especially in Jefferson County. 
Ans: After June 1941, when the Ohio Valley Soybean 
Cooperative started operation in Henderson, Henderson Co., 
Kentucky. Note: Jefferson Co. is on the Ohio River about 
100 miles (6 counties) northeast of Henderson.
 (2) Were there any soybean processors in or around 
Louisville, which is the capital of Jefferson County? 
Address: Kentucky.
952. AGP–A Cooperative. 2005. Annual report to members: 
Adding value to your harvest. 12700 West Dodge Road, P.O. 
Box 2047, Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. 40 + 20 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 2005 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$2,349.849 million, down 11.8% from $2,663.632 million in 
2004. Earnings from continuing operations (before income 
taxes): $50.656 million, up 75.0% from the $28.941 million 
in 2004.
 The report begins with a 2-page list of AGP’s members 
(as of 31 Aug. 2005). They are located in the following 
states (listed alphabetically): Arkansas (1). California (1). 
Illinois (1). Iowa (87). Kansas (23). Michigan (1). Minnesota 
(40). Missouri (3). Nebraska (28). North Dakota (1). 
Oklahoma (1). South Dakota (30). Utah (2). Wisconsin (4). 
Saskatchewan, Canada (1).
 “Double vegetable oil re ﬁ ning capacity at Hastings, 
Nebraska plant... New product launches: Vistive low-
linolenic soybean program in the U.S.” (p. 5).
 “Renewable fuels: In 1996, AGP became the ﬁ rst 
company in the industry to construct a methyl ester 
production plant that exclusively utilized soybean oil. That 
plant, at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa, not only produces biodiesel 
but also products for industrial uses such as solvents and 
agricultural spray adjuvants... The biodiesel industry grew 
from 25 million to approximately 70 million gallons this 
ﬁ scal year and is expected to increase to at least 400 million 
gallons in the next two to three years. In part, the increase 
will be due to passage of the federal energy bill. New state 
biodiesel legislation also will have an impact. In Minnesota, 
for example, a new law requires that all diesel fuel sold 
in the state contain a two percent vegetable oil blend, 
known as B2. Illinois also ordered government ﬂ eets to use 
biodiesel beginning in 2006, and similar standards are being 
considered in at least seven other states.
 “In light of these circumstances the AGP Board of 
Directors approved expansion of the Sergeants Bluff plant 
to more than double biodiesel capacity. The project was 
completed this year, giving AGP the ability to produce over 
15 million gallons of biodiesel per year... AGP was the ﬁ rst 
and remains the industry leader in methyl ester and biodiesel 
production. AGP markets its biodiesel, branded as SoyGold, 
through its wholly owned subsidiary Ag Environmental 
Products LLC” (p. 20-21).
 AGP now has European ofﬁ  ces in: Antwerp, Belgium. 
Barcelona, Spain. Komarno, Slovakia. Pecs, Hungary. 
Address: Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: (402) 496-7809.
953. Pahl, Greg. 2005. Biodiesel: Growing a new energy 
economy. White River Junction, Vermont: Chelsea Green 
Publishing Co. xiv + 281 p. Illust. Index. 23 cm. [286 
endnotes]
• Summary: Contents: List of ﬁ gures. Acknowledgements. 
Foreword, by Bill McKibben. Introduction. Part I: Biodiesel 
basics. 1. Rudolf Diesel. 2. Vegetable oil revival [1970 on]. 
3. Biodiesel 101. 4. Biodiesel’s many uses.
 Part II: Biodiesel around the world. 5. Europe, the 
global leader. 6. Other European countries. 7. Non-European 
countries.
 Part III: Biodiesel in the United States. 8. A brief history. 
9. The main players. 10. Biodiesel politics. 11. Recent 
developments.
 Part IV: Biodiesel in the future. 12. Looking ahead. 
Organizations and online resources. Notes. Glossary.
 Chapter 8, “A brief history [in the USA],” has the 
following contents: Introduction. Early biofuels. The OPEC 
oil crisis. Early experiments: Idaho (Charles Peterson), 
Colorado (Thomas Reed), Missouri (Leon Schumacher). 
Early production: Interchem / Midwest Biofuels (1991, Bill 
Ayres and Doug Pickering), Ag Processing Inc (AGP) / Ag 
Environmental Products (AEP), Twin Rivers Technology 
(never actually produced any biodiesel), NOPEC (1995, 
Lakeland, Florida), West Central Cooperative (1996, Ralston, 
Iowa), Columbus Foods (1996 fall, Chicago, Illinois), Paciﬁ c 
Biodiesel (1996, Kahului, Maui, Hawaii). The soybean 
factor: The American Soybean Association / United Soybean 
Board, National Biodiesel Board. Other organizations. 
Homebrew (grassroots movement employing used cooking 
oil as a feedstock). Fat of the Land (1995 humorous 
documentary by ﬁ ve women ﬁ lmmakers). The Veggie Van 
(Joshua Tickell and Kaia Roman). Biodiesel online. Address: 
Weybridge, Vermont.
954. Anderson, George. 2006. Early installations of Crown 
Iron Works’ solvent extractors for processing soybeans 
(Interview). SoyaScan Notes. July 11. Conducted by William 
Shurtleff of Soyfoods Center.
• Summary: The ﬁ rst 8 solvent extractors were installed in 

=== PAGE 332 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   332
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
1950; all used trichloroethylene as the solvent for extracting 
oil from soybeans and had a capacity of 25 tons/day. Crown 
got its original solvent extractor by buying a patent for 
the process and equipment from Iowa State University. 
Al Kaiser was head of the solvent department at that time 
and Joe Givens worked for him. From 1955 on, hexane 
replaced trichloroethylene in almost all extractors processing 
soybeans. The initial numbers (in parentheses) indicate the 
sequence in which the extractors were sold. The list contains 
entries for about 260 extractors.
 (1) Glencoe, Minnesota. (2) Vermont, Illinois. (3) 
Grand Forks, North Dakota. (4 & 5) Dawson, Minnesota. (6) 
Blooming Prairie, Minnesota. (7 & 8) Millsboro, Delaware. 
(9 & 10) 1955–Millsboro, Delaware (25 tons, soybeans). (11 
& 12) 1955–Altona, Manitoba, Canada (25 tons soybeans 
and about 15 tons rapeseed. Note: The capacity of an 
extractor depends on the type of oilseed it is processing). (13 
& 14) 1955–Fremont, Nebraska (40 tons each). (15) 1959–
Dawson Minnesota (250 tons).
 (16) 1963–Millsboro, Delaware (400 tons). (17) 1963–
Dawson, Minnesota (600 tons). (18) 1965–Altona, Manitoba, 
Canada (250 tons soybeans or 150 tons rapeseed). (21) 
1965–Fremont, Nebraska (250 tons). (22) 1966–Monticello, 
Illinois (less than 100 tons, wheat germ). (23) A laboratory in 
Hershey, Pennsylvania.
 (29) 1968–Clarksdale, Mississippi (600 tons). (30) 
1970–Ashdod, Israel (75-100 tons; especially for soy protein 
concentrate).
 (36) 1971–Mason City, Iowa (1,000 tons; the ﬁ rst of this 
capacity; still running)... (72) 1979–Decatur, Illinois (3,000 
tons; the ﬁ rst new stainless steel model 3 extractor–the big 
seller today. Running on corn germ; still running).
 As of 2004, Crown Iron Works has installed 389,622 
tons of soybean processing capacity. 90% of the extractors 
it has ever installed are still in operation–somewhere. The 
largest extractor Crown has ever built and installed has a 
capacity of 8,800 tons/day. All Crown Extractors are loop 
shaped. About 5-6 years ago De Smet bought French Oil 
Mill Machinery Company’s solvent extraction business 
and shut it down. Address: Vice President for Engineering, 
Crown Iron Works, P.O. Box 1364, Minneapolis, Minnesota 
55440-1364. Phone: 651-639-8900.
955. AGP–A Cooperative. 2006. Annual report to members: 
Adding value to your harvest. 12700 West Dodge Road, P.O. 
Box 2047, Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. 33 + 4 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 2006 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$2,360.484 million, up 0.5% from $2,348.167 million in 
2005. Earnings from continuing operations (before income 
taxes): $75.136 million, up 49.2% from the $50.360 million 
in 2005.
 AGP now has marketing ofﬁ  ces in: Pecs, Hungary. 
Jakarta, Indonesia. Queretaro, Mexico. Manila, Philippines. 
Singapore. Komarno, Slovakia. Bangkok, Thailand. Istanbul, 
Turkey. Hanoi, Vietnam.
 This was “the second best year of earnings in AGP’s 23-
year history... Accordingly, your Board of Directors approved 
total patronage refunds of $32.6 million, designating 30 
percent to be paid in cash again this ﬁ scal year... [and] equity 
redemption for ﬁ scal 2006 of $28 million, making the two 
year total of equity redeemed $56 million. Cash patronage, 
equity redemption and value-based premium programs 
totaled over $43 million dollars for ﬁ scal 2006, also the 
second best in the history of your cooperative” (p. 5).
 Today AGP’s “owners are 205 local cooperatives and six 
regional cooperatives, representing 250,000 farmers from 15 
states throughout the United States and Canada” (p. 7). Note: 
Technically AGP represents 250,000 “producers.” A producer 
can refer to either a farmer or a land-owner, and both can be 
a member of a local cooperative.
 “Record premiums paid: Participants in AGP’s value-
based premium programs–oil and protein components, 
Vistive soybeans, and non-GMO soybeans–earned a record 
$6.4 million in premiums from those programs” (p. 9).
 Note: Talk with Bill Lester, formerly of AGP. 2007. 
Feb. 24. AGP will pay its member co-ops total patronage 
refunds of $32.6 million this year. 30% of this amount ($9.78 
million) will be paid in cash (from this year’s earnings), and 
the remaining 70% ($22.8 million) comes from retained 
earnings (or equity) (from past years’ earnings), and is called 
“equity redemption.” AGP is redeeming the old equity that 
the member co-ops owned in it. Retained earnings is the 
members co-ops’ investment in AGP. On the AGP balance 
sheet, this equity appears as a debt to individual member co-
ops. For example: Heartland Co-op, Des Moines, Iowa. In 
1999 AGP owes it $12,300. In 1998 AGP owes it $13,465, 
etc. right up to the current year. This debt is paid when the 
members’ equity in the company is redeemed / allocated. The 
oldest debts to each member co-op are always paid ﬁ rst, and 
they are always paid before Dec. 31 each year.
 A local member co-op’s total earnings for any given year 
consists of its own earnings plus the earnings it gets from 
AGP. By law, the co-op must pay 20% of its net earnings 
that year in cash to its producer members. A typical local 
co-op pays 30% of that year’s earnings in cash to its member 
producers (since that cash takes care of the tax liability) and 
keeps 80% as “retained earnings.” Each member producer 
must pay the income taxes on these retained earnings–even 
if he doesn’t get the money. One of the problems in the past 
is that sometimes the producer doesn’t receive enough cash 
from his co-op to pay the tax on the “retained allocated 
earnings.” When the producer ﬁ nally gets paid his retained 
earnings, it is tax free.
 Retained earnings is the way AGP borrows money from 
its co-op members to ﬁ nance its ongoing operations. It takes 
a certain amount of cash or “working capital” to operate 
a business. AGP has two choices: Keep it as “retained 
earnings” from the membership or borrow it (as from a 

=== PAGE 333 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   333
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
bank). Presently AGP has about 7 years of retained earnings 
(back to about the year 1999) that it has not yet paid to its 
co-op members. Yet this is perpetually rotating, or “rolled 
forward” as the oldest debts are paid back each proﬁ table 
year to the co-op members. This system of paying the oldest 
debts ﬁ rst is also a way of transferring money form older 
producers (some of who may no longer be living) to current 
producers. Well-run cooperative soybean processors, such 
as AGP, have a relatively small number of years of unpaid 
retained earnings (7). Address: Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: 
(402) 496-7809.
956. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2006. Breaking ground 
for soy biodiesel. No. 5. p. 1-2.
• Summary: Construction will soon begin on AGP’s new 
biodiesel plant in St. Joseph. Missouri.
957. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2006. Cooperative 
news: Mergers and acquisitions. No. 5. p. 11.
• Summary: Farmers Cooperative Company, Manly, 
Iowa, and Northwood Cooperative Elevator, Northwood, 
Iowa, merged on 1 Dec. 2006. The new company is called 
Progressive Ag Cooperative, headquartered in Northwood.
958. Monsanto Co. 2006. Consumer demand for healthier 
diets drives Vistive™ soybean expansion (Ad). Corn and 
Soybean Digest. Nov. Four unnumbered pages.
• Summary: These 4 pages of ads for Vistive™ low-
linolenic soybean oil start with this one: “Midwestern 
farmers this season planted 500,000 acres of Vistive™ low-
linolenic soybeans, earning premiums and harvesting yields 
comparable to those of conventional soybeans. This ﬁ gure is 
predicted to climb to more than 1.5 million acres next year, 
in response to growing consumer demand for healthier foods 
without trans fats.
 “More than 75 percent of last year’s Vistive producers 
planted Vistive soybeans again this year, and many doubled 
their acreage. Initially introduced to Iowa growers in 2005, 
Vistive was expanded this season to growers in parts of 
Indiana, Minnesota, South Dakota, Nebraska and Michigan. 
For 2007, further expansion is planned in Ohio, Delaware 
and Maryland.
 “Vistive, originally offered only in the Asgrow® seed 
brand, will be available in 28 different seed brands in 2007.
 “’Soybean growers across the country are taking 
advantage of the new premium market opportunity that 
comes with growing Vistive soybeans,’ says Kurt Wickstrom, 
Monsanto’s U.S. Soybean Trait Marketing Manager. ‘These 
growers are harvesting beans with high yield potential, while 
earning premiums ranging from 25 cents to 45 cents per 
bushel.’
 “AGP and Cargill were two original Vistive processors 
when the brand was launched.
 “Monsanto has since worked with additional processors 
including ADM, CHS, Minnesota Soybean Processors and 
Zeeland Farm Services. New processors for 2007 include 
Mercer Landmark and Perdue.
 “As of January 1, 2006, the FDA began requiring 
manufacturers to list trans-fat content on nutrition labels 
for products containing 0.5 gram or more of trans fats. This 
move has helped to drive the demand to reduce trans fats. 
For example, the Kellogg Company began using Vistive low-
linolenic soybean oil in its products. These foods have been 
on grocery-store shelves since early 2006–and other food 
companies, such as Ventura Foods, are following suit (see 
related story.)
 ‘Vistive soybeans contain 3 percent linolenic acid as 
an oil component compared with 8 percent for conventional 
soybeans,’ explains Wickstrom. ‘This low-linolenic 
alternative enables food processors to use Vistive oil as 
a substitute for hydrogenated soybean oil that contains 
unhealthy trans fat.’
 “Vistive™, a better soybean oil, naturally.”
959. Boyett, Frank. 2007. Yesterday’s news: Scale operator, 
area farmer unite to swindle Henderson co-op. Gleaner 
(Henderson, Kentucky). Jan. 21. p. 5A.
• Summary: “A massive ‘cheating and swindling’ scheme 
that victimized the Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative was 
coming to light” in 1957. “The co-op, which had about 5,000 
members in the Tri-state area, had been cheated by Joseph 
Eggler and Thomas Greenwell... since at least 1952.
 “The scheme was discovered by Fred Gager, the 
daytime scale operator, who noticed that the beans for four 
weight tickets Eggler had handled the night of Oct. 13, 1956, 
appeared to come from either the same truck or the same 
ﬁ eld of soybeans, even though the checks were made out to 
different owners. That prompted an investigation that lasted 
ﬁ ve weeks.”
 The prosecuting attorney, John Palmore, who later 
became Kentucky Supreme Court Chief Justice, called it 
“the biggest and most complicated trial I ever conducted by 
myself.”
 “The scheme worked this way: Eggler would make 
sure weight tickets were falsiﬁ ed and checks made out to 
friends or employees of Greenwell’s. Those checks for 
what Palmore called ‘phantom beans’ would be cashed and 
the proceeds turned over to Greenwell, who explained to 
his friends,” perfectly respectable farmers whom he had 
persuaded to let him sell his own beans in their names in 
order to keep his “creditors” from attaching the money he 
received from the Co-op. When the farmer in whose name 
false the weight ticket (there were more than 100 of these) 
had been issued received the check issued by the Co-op for 
the phantom beans, this gullible friend simply endorsed it 
over to Greenwell. “Greenwell would then split the proceeds 
with Eggler.”
 “Eggler, however, was not particularly discreet, ﬂ ashing 

=== PAGE 334 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   334
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
large sums of money.”
 “The trial was the longest criminal case held in 
Henderson County since 1912. The commonwealth called 43 
witnesses, the defense 10.”
 After the convictions of Greenwell and Eggler, the co-
op “ﬁ led a civil lawsuit against the two, as well as against 
three Greenwell employees who had allowed their names to 
be used, in order to recoup its losses. Greenwell and Eggler 
settled that suit in early 1958, while Gordon Morgan, Albert 
Saffer, and James ‘Satan’ Dixon didn’t settle until April 
1959...
 “And then there was the manufacturer of those 
supposedly tamper-proof scales.” Al Reisz told his son that 
Fairbanks-Morse guaranteed that their scales were tamper 
proof. However Nick Eggler had manipulated them. Reisz 
“tried to get Fairbanks to pay for the losses, but was unable 
to.”
 Note: Part of the above story was excerpted from: 
Palmore, John. 2006. From the Panama Canal to Elkhorn 
Creek. Louisville, Kentucky: Butler Books. See p. 161-62.
960. Lester, Bill. 2007. Origins of soy biodiesel (Interview). 
SoyaScan Notes. Feb. 16. Conducted by William Shurtleff of 
Soyinfo Center.
• Summary: The ﬁ rst methyl ester from soybean oil 
was produced by Interchem Industries (later Interchem 
Environmental in Kansas City) in about 1991 in a small 
batch plant in Leawood, Kansas, and I do mean small–like 
55 gallon drums. The two men who started and ran the 
private corporation and the little plant, and who did the 
research to make the process more efﬁ cient, were Doug 
Pickering and Bill Ayres. Both men are still alive, in their 
mid- to late 60s. Neither one of them is involved with AGP 
any more; the two founders had a falling out with AGP 
over something. “They were looking for funding, and AGP 
(Jim Lindsay and Bill Lester), thought that the idea had a 
future, so they decided that AGP would put “some money 
into Interchem to keep them going.” The money came out 
of Bill’s research budget. “Let’s give ‘em so much a month 
for a year as a research project; let’s see what they can do.” 
It wasn’t a loan or an investment, it was a research project 
that AGP hoped would work out. “The money AGP gave 
Interchem was unquestionably essential to their survival.” 
Small amounts were produced and provided free of charge 
for experimentation and testing. Municipal bus companies 
in cities with air pollution problems, in California (Los 
Angeles) and on the East Coast, were the ﬁ rst to test their 
product seriously. In the end, in about 1995, AGP ended up 
purchasing Interchem at the same time that AGP started its 
facility at Sergeant Bluff. Both Doug and Bill were involved 
in the new merged company for 5-6 years.
 John Campbell is now responsible for biodiesel and 
ethanol at AGP. Bill hired John in Dec. 1991. At the time, 
John was Deputy Undersecretary of Agriculture at USDA in 
Clayton Yeutter’s administration. John has a lot of political 
connections, which have proven to be very valuable.
 The soy biodiesel industry is still in its infancy.
 Note: In June 1997 AGP Inc started making methyl 
ester, named SoyGold, from soybeans at their plant at 
Sergeant Bluff, Iowa. Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
961. Lester, Bill. 2007. Jim Lindsay and the Supersweet 
Feeds deal (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. Feb. 16. Conducted 
by William Shurtleff of Soyinfo Center.
• Summary: Jim Lindsay was an excellent CEO, very 
innovative and good with people. If there was any mistake 
he made during his tenure was going outside the core 
business when (on 1 Dec. 1991) he entered into a partnership 
agreement with Archer Daniels Midland [ADM] to purchase 
International Multifoods’ North American Ag Operations 
which included Supersweet Feeds, etc. Jim later wished 
he hadn’t done it–even though the board of directors made 
the ﬁ nal decision. He said, “I guess I was entitled to one 
mistake.” Within 6 months of that Supersweet purchase, you 
had a transition that took place in the feed business of almost 
180 degrees. Let’s face it, the midwest is primarily hogs. 
You had the centralization and consolidation of that hog 
industry that took place almost overnight. There was vertical 
integration from breeding the hogs to feeding them, although 
slaughtering was usually done by a different company. 
Supersweet and a lot of the smaller feed companies serviced 
all of the mom and pop operations. But in 1990-91 those 
mom and pop operations, almost overnight, faded from the 
picture. After the consolidation, hog prices dropped. Today, 
Smithﬁ eld is one of the big consolidated hog companies, 
but they are also a packer. They came into the Midwest and 
acquired Farmland Foods. Many of these big consolidated 
companies are private LLCs that operate regionally; Bill 
does not know their names. Today, a lot of big, integrated 
producers supply the breeding stock and/or the pigs. And 
you have a lot of pigs that are fed and cared for on almost 
a consignment business, by contract. If the death losses 
are below a certain level, and contractor does a good 
management job, there is a bonus or incentive. AGP at one 
time owned the sows and everything else, but the return on 
investment was too small, so they’ve gotten out of all of it.”
 Bill has visited with a lot of people he knows who are 
feeding hogs. He has been told that DDG (dried distiller’s 
grain, a by-product of the process for making alcohol) only 
works as a feed in very, very small amounts–because most of 
the carbohydrate (energy) has been removed and it lacks the 
right balance of amino acids. Most hog rations, from starter 
to ﬁ nishing rations, will range from 18-12% protein. Starter 
rations contain the most protein (16-18%). DDG is fed to 
cattle wet; they just slop it in to eliminate the drying cost.
 For big hog operations, the smell and pollution are big 
problems that will be hard to ﬁ x. “Basically, it’s the protein 
in the manure that creates all the problems. It putreﬁ es.” 

=== PAGE 335 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   335
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
One promising approach is to use the manure from big dairy 
operations to produce methane gas.
 Marty Reagan has also been a good CEO. He has spent 
capital year after year to upgrade or expand processing 
plants and reﬁ neries. AGP is spending $100 million to 
upgrade the plant in St. Joseph, Missouri, and double the 
capacity. “Marty Reagan is probably doing a better job with 
the membership today that Jim Lindsay was doing when 
he retired–communicating and meeting with the members, 
keeping them informed. About 15-20 times a year Marty 
and man who took Bill Lester’s place will travel to have 
breakfast, lunch, and dinner meetings with six managers, 
face to face.” Still, membership has continued to drop, 
mostly through mergers (of two or more cooperatives) and 
consolidation. When Bill left in 1993, there were about 310 
member shareholder cooperatives in AGP; today its dropped 
to 210 member shareholders. The number of farmers in the 
member cooperatives is also dropping. The farms are getting 
bigger. If anyone is losing ground, its the local cooperatives.
 Plants at V olga (South Dakota) and Brewster 
(Minnesota), are farmer owned processing plants that that 
changed from being cooperatives to private LLCs. They were 
losing money, and in a cooperative it is very difﬁ cult to pass 
losses back to your members. But under an LLC they are 
simply tax write-offs.
 Its unbelievable the effect all these new ethanol plants 
are having on the Midwest. They are driving corn prices up, 
which in turn are driving land prices up. It will eventually 
reach a saturation point, but nobody knows when that will 
happen. Land values should be $6-8,000 an acre, which 
seems ridiculously high to Bill.
 Back to AGP: Jim Lindsay left AGP on very good terms, 
greatly admired. Marty Reagan is doing an outstanding job. 
AGP has been fortunate to have had very good boards of 
directors. Bill has never missed an AGP annual meeting; 
they’re usually in Omaha and he enjoys going. Cooperatives 
force the private soybean processors to offer farmers more 
money for their soybeans, because at even money, the farmer 
will always sell the to co-op of which he is a member, since 
there will be additional income down the line in the form of 
patronage payments and equity ownership. But all is not rosy 
within the cooperative system. Ask yourself: Why did the 
soybean processing plants at V olga and Brewster come into 
being? As farmers get bigger, they look for an investment 
(as in an ethanol or biodiesel plant) that will (1) create an 
additional product for their crops, (2) add value to the cash 
basis at which they sell, and (3) receive some income in the 
form of dividends; co-ops pay patronage to their member 
co-ops but many individual farmers see little or none of that 
money. (4) see his income increase in value, or, if things do 
not go well (5) serve as a tax write-off.
 One of the unwritten rules of the game, in terms of 
locating new soybean processing plants, is that you don’t 
build too near an existing plant. If you don’t come onto our 
turf, we won’t come onto yours. This rule is enforced by the 
threat of retaliation. Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
962. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2007. SoyGold 
expansion continues. No. 2. p. 5.
• Summary:  See next page. “AGP’s expansion project at the 
methyl ester plant in Sergeant Bluff, Iowa, was completed in 
January. Capacity is now near 30 million gallons annually, 
about ﬁ ve times that of the initial production when the plant 
became operational over 10 years ago. A second rail/truck 
loadout (photo below, behind tanker) was included in the 
project to enhance customer service.
 “Progress on AGP’s new soy methyl ester plant in St. 
Joseph, Missouri, remains on schedule for completion this 
fall. In the photo at right, equipment is being installed in the 
process building. The new plant will have a capacity of near 
30 million gallons annually.”
963. Reisz, A.I., Jr. 2007. Re: Ohio Valley Soybean 
Cooperative News (Henderson, Kentucky). Letter (e-mail) to 
William Shurtleff at Soyinfo Center, March 27. 1 p.
• Summary: On July 31, 1959 the Directors were: Harry 
S. Brumley, Jr., John Pierce, James R. Rash, Jr. (went by 
“Buck” I recall), J. A. Gerhart, James P. Esche, William S. 
Hirsch, Oscar D. Keck, Bronson Fitzgerald, Harry Gatton, 
Jr. and John Palmore. The Ofﬁ cers were: Charles B. Smith, 
Honorary Chairman of the Board, Oscar D. Keck, President, 
James R. Rash, Jr., Vice-President, A. I. Reisz, Secretary-
Treasure and Manager, David Frymire, Assistant Secretary-
Treasure and Assistant Manager.
 The corporate charter was granted by the 
Commonwealth of Kentucky on August 29, 1940, under 
provisions of the Bingham Co-operative Marketing Act. The 
Articles of Incorporation were last amended on January 18, 
1952.
 Authorized Capital–500,000 shares of common stock, 
par value $1.00 per share; 3,800 shares of permanent 
preferred stock, par value $50,00 per share; and 1,200 shares 
of temporary preferred stock, par value $50.00 per share. 
(The “temporary preferred stock” was fully redeemed and 
cancelled as of July 31, 1954.)
 Corporate life–Fifty years. Debt Limit–None.
 Directors–Not less than seven nor more than ten years. 
Eligible Members–Common stockholders who should 
patronize the Association. Only producers are eligible to own 
common stock. Address: Son of Al Reisz, Manager, Ohio 
Valley Soybean Cooperative, Henderson, Kentucky.
964. Tong, Leland. 2007. People who know the history 
of soy biodiesel in the USA (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. 
March 30. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyinfo 
Center.
• Summary: Marc-IV is dedicated to the commercialization 
of industrial products from agricultural resources. Since 

=== PAGE 336 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   336
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021


=== PAGE 337 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   337
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
1993 the company has been instrumental in the research and 
market development of biodiesel–a cleaner burning fuel for 
diesel engines that is produced from renewable resources. 
Leland and Marc-IV work as consultants and contractors for 
the National Biodiesel Board, dealing with technical issues, 
economic analysis, marketing, etc.
 When asking which company introduced the ﬁ rst 
soy biodiesel, it is important to have a deﬁ nition of or 
standards for soy biodiesel. In the early days there were no 
speciﬁ cations; there may have been some loose trading specs 
on methyl esters, but they weren’t necessarily methyl esters 
for biodiesel. In 1999 the ﬁ rst provisional speciﬁ cations for 
biodiesel (PS121-99) were passed by ASTM International 
(ASTM formerly meant American Society for Testing and 
Materials). In 2001 ﬁ nal speciﬁ cations (ASTM D 6751) were 
passed by the same organization.
 Two good contacts who were at Procter & Gamble are: 
(1) Jim Gardner, retired. Phone: 417-754-8185, in southwest 
Missouri. Jim was at the plant in production. (2) Mack 
Findley. Phone: 513-471-7200, in Ohio. He was in P&G’s 
sales department. He now works for Peter Cremer North 
America, selling biodiesel. You might ask him: Who ﬁ rst 
ordered methyl esters from P&G? When? Did they have 
specs? Did P&G know how these methyl esters were going 
to be used?
 Another good contact is Steve Howell, president and 
founder (in the spring, 1993) of Marc-IV . He has been in 
the biodiesel industry since 1993. Prior to forming Marc-IV , 
Howell was the business development engineer for Stratco, 
a Kansas City (Missouri) based engineering ﬁ rm, where he 
concentrated on the development of new biodiesel process 
technology. Previous to Stratco, he held various positions 
in quality assurance and production management with the 
Procter & Gamble Manufacturing Company in Iowa City, 
Iowa. A native of Ames, Iowa, Howell graduated with 
distinction from Iowa State University with a bachelor’s 
degree in chemical engineering. Howell worked with Bill 
Ayres. Leland thinks that Ayers was the one who got a 
contract with Steve to work with the National Soy Diesel 
Development Board (NSDDB) in 1993. Steve’s ofﬁ ce 
number is 816-903-6272. He works just outside of Kansas 
City, Missouri, and is hard to reach since he travels a lot.
 Leland thinks that documenting the early history of this 
industry is an important project. Kenlon Johannes, the ﬁ rst 
executive director of the ﬁ rst biodiesel trade association, 
is very knowledgeable. Previously, he was at the Missouri 
Soybean Association. He read an article from the University 
of Missouri that discussed using rapeseed for biodiesel. He 
contacted them immediately and asked them why they were 
not studying soybeans as well. “He got those guys in hot 
water. They started doing some soy research, and one might 
say the industry was born.”
 Important companies in the early days included AGP, 
West Central, and Paciﬁ c Biodiesel. There is some dispute 
among these three as to which was the ﬁ rst to make biodiesel 
commercially.
 Leland has a table showing the exact dates that each 
biodiesel company began manufacturing the product for sale 
commercially; he must check with several people before he 
can send a copy to Soyinfo Center. He just sent (by e-mail) 
a table titled “US production capacity history,” which shows 
the number of plants producing biodiesel and the industry’s 
production capacity from 2001 to 2007. In 2001 there were 
9 plants with a capacity of 50 million gallons/year. In 2003: 
19 plants and 85 million gallons. In 2005: 45 plants and 290 
million gallons. In 2007: 105 plants and 864 million gallons. 
Source: National Biodiesel Board.
 A second table (sent April 5) shows 108 manufacturers 
of biodiesel fuel in the USA. The ﬁ ve columns are: Company 
name. City. State. ZIP code. Starting date (the year and 
month the company started to make and sell biodiesel fuel). 
Source: Marc-IV . The companies that started earliest are:
 (1) 1996 Sept.–Renewable Energy Group, Inc. [West 
Central Co-op], Ralston, Iowa.
 (2) 1996 Nov.–AGP (Ag Processing), Sergeant Bluff, 
Iowa.
 (3) 1996 Nov.–Paciﬁ  c Biodiesel, Kahului, Hawaii.
 (4) 1998 Dec.–Grifﬁ  n Industries, Butler, Kentucky. 
Address: Business Specialist, Marc-IV , 1616 4th Ave. E., 
Williston, North Dakota 58801. Phone: 701-572-1826.
965. Johannes, Kenlon. 2007. Pioneering SoyDiesel and 
Biodiesel in the USA. Part II (1992-1994) (Interview). 
SoyaScan Notes. March 8. Conducted by William Shurtleff 
of Soyinfo Center.
• Summary: Continued: 1992 Jan.–Statewide City 
Demonstration Project; providing fuels to other cities 
interested in doing demonstration is funded.
 1992 Jan. 1–David Thomas becomes the ﬁ rst CEO of the 
United Soybean Board, serving until 31 March 1994.
 1992 Feb.–MSMC purchases [its own] Ford F-250 
diesel pickup for continued research and development.
 By March 1992 three states were involved with soy 
biodiesel: Missouri (Kenlon Johannes), Illinois (Lyle Roberts 
and his people), and South Dakota (Betty Hansen). Kenlon’s 
board told him that the program was getting too big for 
Missouri to carry alone; he should try to get the national 
soybean organizations (ASA and USB) involved. USB now 
had a lot of money from the uniﬁ ed checkoff and they were 
looking for effective ways to spend it. Kenlon wrote a project 
proposal and USB contributed millions of dollars in the early 
years. Kenlon believed in the potential of soy diesel before 
and more strongly than anyone else in the soybean industry. 
He was on the cutting edge of new ideas. For example, in 
July 1991 Kenlon drove the Dodge pickup (owned by Univ. 
of Missouri–UMC) up to a soybean festival in Norburn, 
Missouri. Don Heil (an ASDF director and last chairman, a 
USB director from Missouri, and one of the ﬁ rst chairmen 

=== PAGE 338 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   338
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
of the USB checkoff) and other farmers ﬂ ocked around the 
pickup to hear about the idea. Later Kenlon was criticized for 
believing that soy diesel had a bright future.
 1992 March–Kenlon drove the Ford diesel pickup to 
Washington, DC. The main purpose of the trip was to get 
support from the American Soybean Association, whose 
board of directors was meeting there. Ken Bader, CEO of 
ASA, was critical of this trip, which was using soybean 
checkoff funds and could be viewed as playing politics. 
Kenlon made a video on the grounds of the White House, 
to which Bill Holmberg got them access, as well as to EPA, 
DOE (Dep. of Energy), etc. They met with C. Boyden 
Gray, who was one of the main architects of the 1990 Clean 
Air Act Amendments that suggested market solutions for 
environmental problems. Senators Kit Bond (R-MO) and 
Tom Daschle (D-SD) both liked the idea of the soy diesel 
truck. The trip helped Kenlon understand how soy diesel 
might ﬁ t into the larger picture and become a commercial 
product.
 1992 March–Kenlon drove the truck to one of the early 
meetings of the United Soybean Board (USB) in Atlanta, 
Georgia. David Thomas, USB’s CEO seemed very interested 
and supportive. He talked with Kenlon directly and asked, 
“What can we do to get this thing moving?” He asked about 
and was very interested in all aspects of soy biodiesel. He 
worked behind the scenes to help the biodiesel program 
in a big way. He was 100% behind soy biodiesel and he 
understood what it could do for the checkoff program. 
The project was assigned to the “Industry Information” 
committee, which was a sort of forerunner to the New Uses 
Committee.
 At about this same time Kenlon drove the truck to 
Nebraska and presented the idea to the Nebraska Soybean 
Board in Lincoln. On the same trip he met with AGP leaders 
at their headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska. AGP, which got 
on board at an early date, soon started to pay for soy diesel 
fuel for the growing number of demonstration projects. Not 
only did they start funding biodiesel, they soon became an 
important player; their prestige, interest, and progressive 
reputation added legitimacy to the ﬂ edgling project.
 1992 April 29–Interchem holds a press conference to 
announce that they plan to scale up their production of soy 
methyl esters to 1.5 million gallons a day. Before this time, 
Bill Ayres and Interchem had made and sold all the soy 
diesel for all the test projects in the USA. Unfortunately 
almost no one came to the conference, because the big story 
that day was that the police ofﬁ cers accused of beating 
Rodney King in Los Angeles were acquitted. However a few 
days later, Procter & Gamble contacted Ayres and told him 
they made large quantities of methyl esters. Bill decided to 
stop manufacturing these on a relatively small batch scale 
and to start buying from Procter & Gamble–which then 
became the 2nd manufacturer of commercial soy diesel 
in the USA. Kenlon recalls that Procter & Gamble made 
an excellent soy diesel fuel since it was distilled. Today, 
practically no soy diesel is distilled. Distillation makes sure 
the reaction is complete with less glycerine in the fuel.
 1992 May–The National Soy Fuels Advisory Committee 
(NSFAC) was formed by Qualiﬁ ed State Soybean Boards 
(QSSBs), state soybean checkoff farmers and staff from 
Missouri (Kenlon, executive director), Illinois (Lyle 
Roberts), South Dakota (Betty Hanson), and Iowa (Dan Hall, 
then Kirk Leeds). This advisory committee got a $50,000 
grant from the United Soybean Board (USB), and ASA 
may have added $10,000 to that; the committee pooled that 
money and used it to hired IRI to conduct a study.
 1992 Sept.–Information Resources, Inc. (IRI, 
Washington, DC) did a study that concluded: “You are in 
the right place at the right time. Now is the time for action. 
Form a trade association (NSDB) without an industry, which 
is very unorthodox.” This led to formation of the National 
SoyDiesel Development Board, and gave Kenlon and 
NSFAC a clear focus.
 1992 Sept. 18–The National SoyDiesel Development 
Board (NSDB) is formed in St. Louis, Missouri, replacing 
the NSFAC. The minutes of each meeting of this board are 
still at the Board.
 1992 Oct. 1–USB / ASA funds become available.
 1992 Oct. 24–The Energy Policy Act of 1992 is signed 
into law; it includes adoption of alternative fuels.
 “Then there was always that mysterious West-Central 
Co-op in Ralston, Iowa. They said they had a methyl ester 
plant, but they were making industrial products (such as 
solvents), not fuels. I should have driven up there to seen 
their plant but I never had time. I don’t know whether or 
when they ever produced soy diesel fuel. But I know I had 
a near empty ﬁ le in my ofﬁ ce with the tab ‘Fuel suppliers.’ 
West Central was not in there. Interchem was the only 
supplier that was in my ﬁ le,” and (by now) Interchem got 
their methyl esters from Procter & Gamble–who may well 
not have known that they were being used as fuel. Bill 
Ayres probably wanted to keep them in the dark as long as 
possible. Procter & Gamble tore down their plant in Kansas 
City, and Bill Ayres may well have bought methyl esters 
from P&G’s plant in Cincinnati, Ohio. “If West Central was 
interested in biodiesel, why did they never join our National 
SoyDiesel Development Board (NSDB). They should have 
come to the table and at least told us what they were doing.” 
Kenlon knows Bill Lester and both go to AGP’s annual 
meeting every year. Bill Lester might know more about West 
Central’s history with biodiesel.
 In the early years of NSDB, the United Soybean Board 
was very supportive. They budgeted large amounts of 
money for soy diesel research and development. USB gave 
NSDB $75,000 for the “SoyDiesel Demonstration Project,” 
and said, “You get this soy diesel fuel all over the United 
States. Send as much as the people who want it will take in 
whatever containers they prefer. Demonstrate this stuff.” 

=== PAGE 339 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   339
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
USB also funded the research arm. Before long USB was 
budgeting $2 million a year for the NSDB and soy biodiesel. 
Fleishman-Hillard Inc. (Kansas City. Missouri) came on 
board as a communications and PR ﬁ rm. The IRI report 
recommended that the NSDB approach soy diesel in two 
ways: Research and market development. On the research 
side, NSDB worked with Detroit Diesel and Cummins 
Manufacturing (both in Detroit, Michigan), which are the 
two big diesel engine manufacturers that serve transit ﬂ eets. 
They both offered to test the fuel if NSDB would provide it. 
On the market development side were the growing number 
of demonstration “clean air” projects, plus educational work. 
By Nov. 1993, the Sunrider expedition, a round the world 
boat trip powered by soy diesel, was underway. Interchem 
and MSMC were the initial fuel providers to Sunrider.
 Fleishman-Hillard worked with Bill Ayres, Doug 
Pickering, and Steve Howell in the greater Kansas City 
Area; they started calling transit companies and offering 
them free soy diesel fuel if they would only try it and report 
on their results. “There was a massive expansion. It was 
done for two reasons. First to get the fuel out, and second 
for USB to use in 1994 as a promotional item as soybean 
farmers prepared to vote on SPARC, the uniﬁ ed checkoff 
program.” Kenlon has a list of all the research projects in 
the 1995 report: Oxidation stability. ESTM development. 
Microbial activity. Long-term storage. Lubricity. Additive 
compatibility. Transportation and handling. Kenlon was 
later sharply criticized for spending money on such basic 
research. Address: CEO and Chief Administrator, Kansas 
Soybean Assoc., Topeka, Kansas.
966. Johannes, Kenlon. 2007. Pioneering SoyDiesel and 
Biodiesel in the USA. Part III (1994 to present) (Interview). 
SoyaScan Notes. March 8. Conducted by William Shurtleff 
of Soyinfo Center.
• Summary: Continued: 1994 Oct. 1–John Becherer becomes 
the 2nd CEO of the United Soybean Board (USB), serving 
until 1995. He replaced David Thomas, who was ﬁ red by 
the farmers who comprised the Board for various reasons, 
among them for being too “hands on,” paying too much 
attention to details, wanting to know everything that was 
going on, being a “control freak.” Becherer was hired by the 
Board. Kenlon recalls that when John Becherer became CEO 
he didn’t understand what was going on, so he had a lot to 
learn quickly. Kenlon believes that the soy diesel program 
was receiving the most funding at that point.” Becherer said, 
what are you doing? This is a waste of money. This is the 
most ill conceived, poorly planned program I’ve seen.” His 
basic approach was to start from scratch and remake USB in 
his own image; get rid of the old and bring in the new, with 
his ideas and seal of approval on everything.
 Kenlon is now looking at the 1996-1998 Biodiesel 
Marketing Plan, a 3-ring binder with 8 tabs, developed in 
1995. It is ﬁ lled with programs, dates, assessments, etc. 
Becherer never took the time to look at such plans or to talk 
with Kenlon (who was now an expert in the ﬁ eld) about 
his ideas. Thus, we can see in retrospect, that Becherer 
completely failed to understand that soy biodiesel had a 
bright future in America. Kenlon was not allowed to speak to 
the United Soybean Board or at to the committees. He was 
forced to work through contractors, who would then talk to 
the committees. USB’s new attitude reduced their funding 
of soy biodiesel, however by 1995 NSDB had an annual 
budget of $1.3 million, and that often expanded before the 
ﬁ scal year was over. Simply speaking, John Becherer and 
Jerry Slocum (a farmer from Mississippi) got Kenlon ﬁ red 
from the National SoyDiesel Development Board, which he 
was responsible for starting. One basic problem is that USB 
has far too many of the states with small soybean production 
running things. “They’re windshield farmers at best. They 
drive around their farm and look at what their workers are 
doing. Executive farmers that don’t get their hands dirty. 
Some from Louisiana grew more sugarcane than soybeans.”
 1995 April 1–Leonard Guarraia became CEO of ASA; 
he came out of Monsanto. “Oh man, he was all over the 
place!”
 To go back a step. When the NSDB started, the 
president, Gary Ellington, a farmer, came from Missouri. The 
two committees, research and market development, each had 
a farmer heading the committee–Jim Gay (from Illinois) and 
David Stone (from Iowa), respectively. Gary Ellington and 
David Stone were very proactive; they would go to the USB 
meetings, sit down before the meetings and sit down with 
the farmers who sat on the relevant committees, and explain 
to them what NSDB was doing, what proposals NSDB was 
submitting to USB, what funding they needed from USB, 
and why this was important to America’s soybean farmers. 
Since David Thomas was still CEO of USB, the organization 
was receptive and funded the proposals fully. In about 1995 
Gary Ellington and David Stone both had to leave the NSDB 
(it was too much of a commitment); David Gay took over as 
president. The name of Kenlon’s group had changed to the 
National Biodiesel Board (NBB). He was not proactive, and 
things were never really was quite the same at NSDB or at 
USB. Jim Gay was not proactive, in fact he was afraid that 
John Becherer and USB would stop funding the biodiesel 
program completely.
 1996 Feb. 24–Kenlon is asked by his board to move 
up (and out) to the National Biodiesel Foundation (NBF, 
founded about 1994; it still exists) to raise money and 
we’re going to ﬁ nd a new executive director. Since USB 
is dropping support, we’ve got to get money from other 
sources. Jim Gay was the leader of this move. They brought 
in Jeff Horvath (who came out of Boeing in St. Louis) as 
the new CEO of NBB; it was a stinging blow and rebuke 
to Kenlon, who was basically given no projects to seeking 
funding for, and no money. Deborah Boldt took Jim 
Gay’s position as president of NBF. The foundation had 

=== PAGE 340 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   340
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
no money. Then Jeff Horvath hired Deborah Boldt as his 
communications director. In Feb. 1997, she showed up in 
the ofﬁ ce and told Kenlon his position no longer existed. 
Kenlon left for Florida, sad because he had to leave a project 
in which he believed deeply, and never really understanding 
why he had been kicked out–although he believed that John 
Becherer was really behind the ouster. Kenlon was a big 
name in the soybean industry and he had many friends and 
admirers among farmers. In April 1997 Kenlon went to work 
as director of development for NOPEC, a soy biodiesel 
manufacturer in Lakeland, Florida. He worked there for 
51 weeks until the owner and founder Karl Rehberg, was 
indicted for securities fraud. The company is now up and 
running again.
 After several odd jobs, he was hired on 1 March 2001 as 
CEO of the Kansas Soybean Association and Board.
 But the soy diesel vision was far from dead. Bill Ayres 
and Doug Pickering (his partner), of AEP, picked up the 
leadership. They got Jeff Horvath ﬁ red and he was replaced 
in about 1999 by Joe Job, who shared Kenlon’s vision. The 
American Soybean Association picked up the slack, with 
Leonard Guarraia and Steve Censky taking the lead.
 1995 April 1–Leonard Guarrraia (rhymes with 
“Warrior”) becomes the 3rd CEO of USB, serving until he 
resigned on 15 April 1996.
 1995 April 18–Steve Censky becomes the 4th CEO 
of USB, serving until at least Sept. 1997. John Campbell, 
who was on the board at ASA, also played a leading role; 
John later went to work for AGP. And USB continued its 
funding, but at about half of earlier levels (from roughly $3.5 
million a year in FY 1995 down to $1.5 million). History has 
vindicated Kenlon’s vision.
 The word “SoyDiesel” (or “soy diesel”) was changed 
to biodiesel because soybeans (soybean oil) alone would 
not be able to ﬁ ll the demand if the idea became successful. 
“It’s also called political clout. You want to get the cotton 
farmers, and the renderers association involved too–as 
well as the politicians who represent them. Early on, Bill 
Holmberg brought in the renderers. Gary Pearl has always 
been an advisor to the National Biodiesel Board until he 
retired about 2 years ago. As early as 1992 Kenlon used the 
term “biodiesel” in his memo and tried to alert others to the 
fact that this would happen. On the Ford diesel pickup that 
the Board owned, the ﬁ rst sign on the side said “Powered by 
Soybean Oil,” but after several months that was changed to 
“Powered by SoyDiesel.” The idea of the word “biodiesel” 
actually came from the Europeans, who called it “Diesel-Bi.” 
The most adamant early users of “biodiesel” were Bill Ayres, 
Kenlon, and Bill Holmberg.
 In 1995, while Kenlon was still with the NBB, he asked 
Bev Thessen (“TAY-son,” who is still there) to write all the 
English dictionaries they could ﬁ nd and suggested they add 
the word “biodiesel” to their dictionary. It took many years 
before it was included.
 How does Kenlon see the future of biodiesel? It has 
reached a “critical mass.” People are investing today who 
may be investing in the wrong ways and without a good 
understanding. There will be some failures there. AGP has 
taken a very cautious, smart approach. They still have the 
policy that if soybean oil prices rise too high, they will shut 
down their biodiesel plant and sell the oil to others as oil. 
Kenlon as no idea what things will look like for biodiesel 20 
years from now. He is in the forest and all he can see are the 
trees. But last summer, biodiesel was selling for $0.30 less 
per gallon than diesel fuel. So as we think we are nearing 
the end of cheap petroleum, this is very good for biodiesel. 
But the petroleum industry may then get into biodiesel using 
thermal depolymerization of things like Tyson chicken fat in 
their cracking towers, to get tax credits for renewable fuels. 
“That could be a big ﬂ y in the ointment.”
 1999 April–Bob Elits is now CEO of USB. Address: 
CEO and Chief Administrator, Kansas Soybean Assoc., 
Topeka, Kansas.
967. Pickering, Doug. 2007. Pioneering commercial 
production of soy biodiesel in the USA. Part I (Interview). 
SoyaScan Notes. May 28. Conducted by William Shurtleff of 
Soyinfo Center.
• Summary: Doug has a stack of spiral notebooks ten inches 
high with the day to day notes of what he and Bill Ayres did 
to develop the biodiesel industry in the USA from scratch.
 1990–Dr. Tom Reed of the Colorado School of Mines 
produces biodiesel / methyl esters from used grease from 
Der Wienerschnitzel (a hot dog franchise) to run a bus 
demonstration project in Denver. Tom was the ﬁ rst person in 
the modern American biodiesel movement to make methyl 
ester. He wanted to call the new fuel “McDiesel” because 
he thought he could get all the waste restaurant grease he 
needed from McDonald’s–but the lawyers from McDonald’s 
got hold of him and encouraged him to “rethink” that name.
 1991 Jan.–The Missouri Soybean Merchandising 
Council (headed by Kenlon Johannes) agreed to fund a 
one-year project for $22,000 to test a diesel pickup burning 
100% soybean oil fuel. But the project had no fuel. So 
in the spring and summer of 1991, Leon Schumacher, in 
search of fuel for use in the for project, located Bill Ayres 
of Interchem Industries of Leawood, Kansas, who agreed 
to provide esteriﬁ ed soybean oil for the project. Bill Ayres 
was not making soy methyl esters at the time, but he said 
he could make and provide the fuel. Bill Ayres and Dr. Tom 
Reed had been working on alternative fuels and alternative 
energy since the late 1970s. Bill called Dr. Reed, who 
provided him with the formula over the telephone. Using 
Dr. Reed’s formula for the transesteriﬁ cation process, Ayres 
started making the ﬁ rst batches of methyl esters in the gravel 
parking lot of his uncle’s tree service business in Kansas 
City; Interchem did not have a plant facility in Kansas City 
at that time.

=== PAGE 341 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   341
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 1991 Dec.–Doug Pickering and Bill Ayres had been 
friends in high school. They had stayed in touch because 
of their mutual interest in alternative fuels and alternative 
energy; they had worked together for years on wood 
pyrolysis and wood or cellulose gas projects. In the 1980s, 
Doug had invested in a company that provided alternative 
wood chips. Bill used to bounce his many ideas off Doug. 
Bill went to see Doug one day, explained the details of 
biodiesel and his interest in it, then asked Doug what he 
thought about the whole thing. Doug replied: “For the ﬁ rst 
time in your life, I think you’re onto something that actually 
has longevity to it.”
 1991 summer–Doug and Bill Ayres were both present 
at an important meeting at Stratco Engineering with Diane 
Graham (owner), Steve Howell (new products development 
engineer), and Dr. Tom Reed. Dr. Reed talked about the 
future of biodiesel as an alternative fuel. Stratco had agreed 
to supply the engineering, staff and hardware for a biodiesel 
pilot plant if Interchem would provide the facility.
 1991 Dec.–Bill Ayres and Kenlon Johannes were 
planning to drive to Washington, DC, in the Missouri 
Soybean biodiesel demonstration truck. They expected to 
be gone for at least 10 days, during the time that the Stratco 
plant was to be installed. So Bill called Doug Pickering, who 
was then in the construction business, and asked: “Since your 
business is slow in January, would you be willing to oversee 
the installation to make sure it is done right?” Doug said 
okay.
 1992 Jan.–Doug and Bill Ayres start to work together on 
their ﬁ rst biodiesel project, as Doug oversaw the installation 
of the Stratco pilot plant that was designed to make methyl 
esters / biodiesel in Kansas City. The new project involved 
leasing a building and creating a new company name. Bill 
came up with the name Midwest Biofuels, which was a 
subsidiary of Interchem–the company for which Bill Ayres 
worked. The building, which Interchem leased, was a 
former rendering plant consisting mainly of a 4,000 square 
foot room in Kansas City, Kansas, in the industrial bottoms 
(down near the river). Interchem paid the rent (about $600 
a month) and the utilities, yet they did not pay either Bill 
or Doug a salary. “This is the way R&D companies often 
operate–and it ain’t for everybody,” says Doug. “It’s either 
get rich or starve. Somebody usually gets rich from it, and 
its seldom the pioneers, who are lying on the trail face 
down, with blood marks their shirts. Interchem thought Bill 
was involved with something strange again. Doug recalls: 
“Interchem said, ‘If you want to do that, go do it, but were 
not going to pay you. We’re doing other projects.’” However 
Midwest Biofuels was funded by various grants, totaling 
over $1 million, which Bill and Doug had raised. Since the 
grants were designated for speciﬁ c projects, Bill and Doug 
could not use that money to pay their salaries. Doug recalls: 
“I got paid exactly $13,000 and I survived on my savings 
and credit cards. Bill got about the same amount–maybe a 
little more–and survived in about the same way. Interchem 
also paid another employee intermittently to do logistics and 
shipping.
 The Stratco installation took about 3 weeks and the 
little plant, which had a rated capacity of 50,000 gallons 
a year, began trying to start operation about Feb. 1. Since 
there wasn’t much money available yet, Doug didn’t get paid 
much for his work. Stratco paid no rent. Midwest Biofuels 
and Stratco had an arm’s length relationship. Midwest 
provided the space, Stratco provided the technology. If it 
worked, Midwest would beneﬁ t from the technology, if not 
then too bad.
 As it turned out, the Stratco plant never worked, even 
though Stratco invested well over $100,000 in it; they paid 
the bills themselves, and staffed and operated the pilot plant 
with their people. They were very secretive about the whole 
thing and were doing it for their own proprietary technology 
development. Stratco produced a product named a “Stratco 
contactor,” which is a device used in the oil reﬁ nery industry. 
Most reﬁ neries own a Stratco Contactor. Diane wanted to 
diversify beyond the Stratco Contactor. She envisioned 
biodiesel plants around the world and she wanted to have 
the state of the art technology to be able to license it to those 
plants. “In all fairness, they were petroleum engineers. Our 
product was oleochemical, which is completely different 
from petroleum. We taught Stratco more than we ever 
learned from them.”
 Meanwhile, inside the same building, Doug and Bill 
constructed their own biodiesel pilot plant. They mounted 
two 55-gallon drums on stands, had a sump pump, a garden 
hose, some methanol and some caustic soda. They had a 250 
gallon tub that they used to wash the fuel to purify it. The 
whole thing “was as crude as could be.” They did not distill 
their biodiesel.
 There was a ready market for this biodiesel from 
the growing number of biodiesel demonstration projects. 
They sold their product and began to earn a little money. 
Midwest Biofuels was the ﬁ rst commercial manufacturer of 
biodiesel in North America; Bill and Doug were pioneering 
a new industry! Doug recalls: “We would load up drums of 
biodiesel and take them to the project at the St. Louis airport. 
We’d get the empty drums, replace them with full drums, and 
drive back.”
 Midwest Biofuels, based on Bill and Doug’s pilot plant, 
operated for 6-12 months and made an estimated 10,000 to 
12,000 gallons of biodiesel fuel. They made two products: 
SoyDiesel (biodiesel, for fuel), and SoyClean (an industrial 
solvent); they were exactly the same product, yellow methyl 
esters.
 Doug notes: “Over the ensuing years, Ayres was 
the visionary, with a very high I.Q. He was the market 
development and front man. I was the executioner, follow 
through guy, and political operator.” It soon became apparent 
that Midwest Biofuels could grow into a nice, valuable little 

=== PAGE 342 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   342
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
company.
 1992 May–Procter & Gamble (P&G) contacted Bill 
and Doug and said they could supply all the methyl esters 
that Midwest Biofuels would ever need. “On the same 
day that the policemen who beat Rodney King in Angeles 
were acquitted [29 April 1992] and there were riots in Los 
Angeles, we held an open house and plant dedication at our 
production facility and announced that we were going to 
build a big plant to make methyl esters / biodiesel. Present at 
the open house were John Campbell of AGP, Brian Peterson 
of the Sunrider expedition, and a small number of other 
people. This was the ﬁ rst time Ayres and Pickering had ever 
met John Campbell. We didn’t get much press coverage for 
our event, because the media was scurrying to cover the riots 
caused by the Rodney King story. However we also sent 
out news releases and one was published in the Wall Street 
Journal. The Procter & Gamble people read it, called us up, 
and said they wanted to talk with us. They brought in four 
people to meet with and convince us not to build our plant: 
Ray Bitzer (global sales manager), Ian Edwards (top man, in 
charge of their global operations for methyl esters), Howard 
“Mac” Findley, and one other man. P&G was already making 
methyl esters, which are a precursor to fatty alcohols which 
is a big product line; it is their line of surfactants (soaps 
and detergents). Their main products in Kansas City were 
surfactants, methyl esters, and glycerol / glycerin. Procter 
& Gamble’s main goal was to prevent Bill and Doug from 
making glycerine, which is a big proﬁ t center for them. They 
weren’t concerned about the methyl esters.
 The methyl esters that P&G made were all double 
distilled. That made them extremely pure, as clear as water, 
and more effective as an industrial solvent–whereas typical 
methyl esters (the type Bill and Doug had made at their pilot 
plant) were yellow in color. However the double distillation 
did not necessarily produce the best methyl esters for fuel; it 
removed some of the natural antioxidants that were present 
in yellow biodiesel and which helped to maintain product 
stability.
 It took about 1-2 months before Bill and Doug actually 
received their ﬁ rst methyl esters from Procter & Gamble. 
Bill & Doug still sold the same two products under the same 
names, except that now both were double distilled and as 
clear as water. Continued.
968. Pickering, Doug. 2007. Pioneering commercial 
production of soy biodiesel in the USA. Part II (Interview). 
SoyaScan Notes. May 28. Conducted by William Shurtleff of 
Soyinfo Center.
• Summary: Continued: Now that Bill Ayres did not have to 
worry about making methyl esters, he devoted almost all of 
his time to developing new biodiesel demonstration projects. 
He worked closely with Kenlon Johannes in doing this, and 
both helped to raise grant money as well. Among the early 
projects that Bill played a major role in establishing were: 
(1) The University of Missouri-Columbia project with Leon 
Schumacher (1991). (2) Lambert Airport project in St. Louis. 
(3) The Cincinnati Transit project. (4) The Connecticut 
Transit project. (5) The Sunrider Expedition. “Bill Ayres was 
so committed to that project that he took a cash advance on 
his American Express credit card to pay for a transmission 
repair on Brian Peterson’s truck to keep him going–so he 
could call on these soybean councils to raise money. After 
Sunrider started on its journey around the world, we did all 
the logistics on all the fuel internationally.” It was a huge, 
complex, and very expensive project.
 1993 April–Bill Ayres and Doug talked with AGP, told 
AGP that they were stressed ﬁ nancially, and ask for ﬁ nancial 
support for their efforts to develop biodiesel. AGP asked 
“What is the minimum amount of money you would need to 
make it to the end of the year?” “We told them we needed 
$20,000 a month; they said they would give us $10,000 a 
month.” The money was paid from September to December 
(4 months). The money was needed, useful, and appreciated. 
The agreement ended at that time.
 1993 late–Procter and Gamble begins the shutdown 
of its Kansas City plant that makes methyl esters. At 
about the same time they raise their prices slightly. These 
changes have very little effect on Midwest Biofuels because 
P&G had always supplied methyl esters from one of its 3 
manufacturing plants in Kansas City, Cincinnati [Ohio], or 
Sacramento [California] (Doug and Bill never knew where 
it came from), or from that storage facility which had load-
out capability and was closest to the end user. For example, 
if there was an order from a project in Cincinnati, Doug 
and Bill arranged for a truck to be sent to the P&G plant 
there, they would load the truck with the desired amount of 
biodiesel, weigh it, and then the truck would deliver it to the 
project. There were various ways of getting the biodiesel 
from Procter & Gamble to Midwest’s clients.
 1994 Aug.–AGP makes an offer to fund Midwest 
Biofuels (still a subsidiary of Interchem), pay their payroll 
and travel expenses, etc., in essence to fund their operations. 
The ownership of Interchem (which did not include Doug) 
did not want to accept the offer, because they thought it 
would give AGP too large a share of the company for too 
little money. In September, AGP withdrew the offer. But 
the incident showed Bill and Doug that AGP was looking 
seriously at Midwest Biofuels.
 1994 Oct. 5–Bill and Doug resign from Midwest 
Biofuels / Interchem, and AGP immediately hires the two 
men as consultants; they were paid $5,000 a month each, 
until 1 May 1995. However, even though their income had 
improved, these were 7 months of hard times, working in 
limbo in Doug’s basement in Overland Park, Kansas. They 
had no supply of methyl esters, no samples, no brochures 
or literature–nothing. They had two phones, so they mostly 
talked to people.
 1995 April 7 to May 1–AGP establishes Ag 

=== PAGE 343 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   343
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Environmental Products LLC (AEP) as a joint venture; AGP 
owned 90% of the shares. and Doug and Bill each owned 
5%–with the option of working up to 10% ownership. AGP 
later “arranged so that the work-up to 10% never happened.” 
Doug recalls: “On May 1, when we left Kansas City to go 
to Omaha to sign the papers, Joe Meyer said ‘Have a name 
for the company and a name for the products before you get 
here.” Doug came up with three names: Ag Environmental 
Products for the company name (since the parent company’s 
name was Ag Processing Inc), SoyGold for the biodiesel 
(which was yellowish gold in color), and SoyClear for the 
double-distilled industrial solvent. AGP liked these names, 
and uses them to this day. After all the papers were signed, 
Bill and Doug each began to receive a paycheck. AEP was 
to “be a research and development company, which would 
develop new industrial demand for soybean oil and its 
derivative products.”
 Shortly after AEP was formed, with Bill and Doug 
as partners, they moved their headquarters out of Doug’s 
basement in Overland Park, Kansas, to 9804 Pﬂ umm Road, 
Lenexa (pronounced luh-NEX-uh), Kansas–about 3 miles 
southwest of Overland Park. They soon had biodiesel 
samples and literature.
 As soon as Procter & Gamble learned about AEP, they 
notiﬁ ed Bill and Doug that they would no longer supply 
them with methyl esters. Doug thinks there were two 
reasons for this. First, since AEP which was basically an 
oleochemical company (AGP crushed soybeans to produce 
oil and meal), they concluded that AEP would be producing 
its own methyl esters before long, and they didn’t want to be 
supporting a potential competitor.
 Second, shortly after AEP was established, Bill and 
Doug set up a meeting with Procter & Gamble. Doug recalls 
that John Campbell, who was there, “tried to dictate to them 
what he was going to pay them for their methyl esters.” P&G 
did not appreciate this. It was after this incident that P&G 
stopped selling to AEP.
 So Bill and Doug, with the permission of AGP’s Joe 
Meyer, a Group Vice President and John Campbell’s boss (at 
an open management meeting where Campbell was present), 
arranged another meeting with P&G, made amends, said that 
Campbell was “out of line” and that AEP still desired to buy 
methyl esters from them. “Bill and I gave P&G assurances 
that the industry was going to be a billion pound industry 
within 10 years. They said, ‘We think you guys are going to 
do it.’ We said, ‘There’s no reason for you not to participate 
all the way through.’” P&G changed their position about 4-6 
months after cutting off AEP, and started supplying them 
again with methyl esters–all double distilled as always, 
because AEP needed a double distilled product.
 Not long after AEP was founded, the new company 
began to establish storage facilities for their methyl esters. 
They acquired a storage tank of 3-5 million lb capacity just 
outside Cincinnati so they could load out as needed for 
railcars and trucks. They also positioned one or more rail 
cars (160,000 lb capacity) ﬁ lled with methyl esters on a rail 
load-out site near Sacramento, California. Eventually they 
also had some storage in Omaha, Nebraska.
 1995 fall–Procter & Gamble began shutting down their 
plant in Kansas City, Kansas, as they expanded their plant in 
Cincinnati, Ohio, and kept their plant in Sacramento.
 As soon as AEP was established, with their supply from 
P&G cut off temporarily, Bill and Doug had to look for new 
suppliers.
969. Pickering, Doug. 2007. Pioneering commercial 
production of soy biodiesel in the USA. Part III (Interview). 
SoyaScan Notes. May 28. Conducted by William Shurtleff of 
Soyinfo Center.
• Summary: Continued: Over the years, they had been in 
touch with almost every maker of methyl esters worldwide. 
Now they shared these contacts with AGP. On behalf of 
AEP, both Bill and Doug, and AGP contacted these and 
placed orders. They purchased methyl esters (biodiesel) 
from Chemol (Greensboro, North Carolina; they are 
primarily a specialty molecule company in smaller volumes), 
Halterman Chemical (a custom producer from soybean oil 
out of Houston, Texas), Calgene (Chicago, Illinois), Surftec 
(Chicago), Carolina Byproducts, and Corsicana Chemical 
(Corsicana, Texas), and Procter & Gamble (Cincinnati, 
Ohio), At one point Halterman made a big batch of about 
2 million pounds of distilled methyl esters to meet fuel 
speciﬁ cations.
 AEP was also in charge of supplying the methyl esters 
to the growing number of projects across America that 
needed them–on time, to meet speciﬁ cations, and in the right 
quantity. AGP took care of all the accounting–billing and 
collecting the money.
 1995-2000–AEP developed tens of millions of pounds 
of demand for soy methyl ester products with names like 
SoyGold SoyDiesel, SoyGold 1000 (which replaced the 
industrial solvent name SoyClean, which was owned by 
Interchem and Midwest Biofuels), SoyGold 2000, SoyGold 
(plus some number) used in making special high-tech 
papers by one customer only, SoyGold (plus some number) 
that was an industrial solvent containing a surfactant to 
make it water rinseable, and SoyClear (the double distilled 
industrial solvent, which could have no color bodies present, 
as in coatings, and thus looked as clear as water). Other 
applications included agricultural adjuvants They had record 
sales and volume levels year after year. They even sold more 
than AGP could make.
 1996 Aug. (late)–AGP announced that it would build a 
new $6 million plant to make soy methyl esters at Sergeant 
Bluff, Iowa.
 1996 Nov.–AGP’s new plant starts to make methyl 
esters in Sergeant Bluff, Iowa. It had a capacity of 7 
million gallons/year (40 million lb/year). Bill and Doug 

=== PAGE 344 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   344
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
were in charge of selling all of the methyl esters made by 
this new plant worldwide. The new relationship between 
AEP and AGP was different from the one Bill and Doug 
had had with Procter & Gamble: (1) AEP was guaranteed 
the lowest cost esters in the world, and the subsidiary had 
an exclusive agreement with AGP to provide all the soy 
methyl esters made in AGP’s new plant. AGP did not sell 
SoyGold to anyone but their subsidiary AEP (run by Bill 
and Doug; so AEP did not compete with AGP). (2) AEP 
was selling a methyl ester product made by AGP to meet a 
fuel speciﬁ cation, whereas Procter & Gamble had to meet a 
generic speciﬁ cation for the oleochemical industry–and not 
for fuel. Thus AGP’s SoyGold was a better product for use as 
a fuel.
 Unfortunately, during at least the ﬁ rst three years, AGP’s 
plant never produced more than about 20% of the level 
it was designed to produce at due to design ﬂ aws by the 
engineering and construction company, which Doug thinks 
was Crown Iron Works. Therefore AGP continued to order 
methyl esters (although in somewhat smaller quantities) from 
exactly the same suppliers it had ordered them from before 
November 1996, when AGP also started making them. AEP 
was able to sell more soy methyl esters than the AGP plant 
was able to make. So occasionally, at these times, they would 
go to outside suppliers such as Chemol, and when the ester 
plant was shut down for maintenance and repair, or if they 
needed the special clear double distilled, they went to other 
suppliers. They did not distill at the AEP plant.
 During harvest time, the Union Paci ﬁ c Railway was 
almost always backed way up and in gridlock. At this time 
of year AEP was often unable to get product from AGP’s 
plant because they couldn’t get railcars; they were all used 
for hauling soybean oil in and hauling methyl esters out. A 
joke has it Union Paciﬁ c’s vice president of logistics tried 
to commit suicide. He had himself tied and gagged and laid 
on the UP railroad track. He died of starvation. That just 
how bad it really was. AEP did its best to ﬁ ll its orders from 
product stored in tanks across the country.
 2000 Nov. 1–AGP Chief Executive Of ﬁ cer Jim Lindsay 
retires. Joe Meyer, a Group Vice President, was put in charge 
of AEP; then he retired about a year after Lindsay. The years 
during which Bill and Doug worked under Jim Lindsay and 
Joe Meyer were good ones. They won a sales award and a 
plaque with a special dinner of recognition for achievement 
and proﬁ tability. But after Lindsay and Meyer retired, 
everything changed–for the worse.
 Lindsay was replaced as CEO by Marty Reagan; he 
basically put John Campbell in charge of AEP and biodiesel. 
The subsequent conﬂ ict that developed for Bill and Doug 
was largely with John Campbell. Doug thinks the conﬂ ict 
was mainly about power and money. He and Bill were in line 
to be making bonuses of $500,000 a year. They had made 
substantial bonuses under Jim Lindsay but no where near six 
ﬁ gures–although they were certainly on track to.
 2001–2003. More record volumes and record sales. 
Then in 2002 there starts an insidious sabotage of AEP’s 
proﬁ tability by the new senior management at AGP. Bill and 
Doug ﬁ le a formal complaint, requesting that management 
honor their written operating agreement.
 2003 Oct.–Bill and Doug are ﬁ red from AEP by AGP. 
“They just closed the operation. This was a surprise to us 
and a breach of our contract, which said that all management 
functions would be discussed with all managers and owners. 
In exchange for our 5% ownership (each), they offered us 
the equivalent of $25,000 each, two-thirds of which was 
vacation pay, severance, etc. They then said, ‘We know you 
won’t like that, so you can sue us,’ and we did.
 “AEP had more than $20 million in yearly sales. Our 
forensic accountant told us that each of our 5% was worth 
roughly $1-1.5 million. We had record proﬁ ts year after 
year until AGP began thinking about shutting down AEP. 
Then they made sure it began losing money; any controlling 
interest can make a company lose money and net worth if 
they want to. They began making six-ﬁ gure contributions 
from AEP to political action committees or lobbying groups, 
and they increased the corporate overhead charges to AEP to 
a level that worked its way up to $28,000 a month. AEP had 
only 5 employees. That went on for more than two years, 
until they announced that AEP had to be shut down because 
it was not doing well ﬁ nancially.
 John Campbell, who was now generally charge of 
AGP’s biodiesel operations threatened Bill and Doug by 
saying that AGP had the power to make AEP have no proﬁ ts 
and they would never get any bonuses. “After Jim Lindsay 
retired, AGP did not value the fact that we were bring them 
a steady stream of new customers.” “John Campbell told us 
that the agreement that Jim Lindsay and Bill Lester signed 
with us would make it possible for us to make more than the 
CEO of AGP–and that’s not gonna happen.” The CEO of 
AGP at the time was Marty Reagan. Doug believes that Jim 
Lindsay, who was an honorable man, would have treated 
them fairly. “Jim was a tough businessman and demanding, 
but fair; people liked to work for and with him.”
 The lawsuit took about 2 years and the initial agreement 
contained a non-compete clause that lasted for 3 years after 
termination. Doug and Bill were ﬁ nally forced to settle. They 
felt quite sure that if AGP had lost, they would have appealed 
the case.
 Doug is now in the commercial concrete business. 
His company forms it, pours it, and ﬁ nishes it. “You know 
who wins in lawsuits: Accountants and lawyers. We did 
not get enough out of it to make the lawsuit worth it–just a 
token amount. We had hundreds of thousands of dollars in 
legal and accounting fees. Do you know the deﬁ nition of a 
pioneer? Somebody laying face down on the trail with an 
arrow stuck in his back. If AGP had done something rational 
and fair, we would have accepted it and gone quietly away.” 
Doug agrees with Bill Ayres that they did not get a good deal 

=== PAGE 345 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   345
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
from AGP for the biodiesel marketing company they had 
built.
 Today Doug, a pioneer in biodiesel in the USA, is 
with a concrete company named Concrete, Masonry and 
Restoration.
970. Lester, Bill. 2007. More on AGP and soy biodiesel 
(Interview). SoyaScan Notes. July 8. Conducted by William 
Shurtleff of Soyinfo Center.
• Summary: When Bill Lester retired from AGP on 1 June 
1993, John Campbell took Bill’s place as vice president 
of government relations. John was hired by AGP in late 
1991, speciﬁ cally to take Bill’s place when Bill retired. He 
worked with Bill for over a year, learning the job he would 
step into. When AGP hired John Campbell, he was deputy 
undersecretary of agriculture at USDA in Clayton Yeutter’s 
administration. “He was a high-powered young man when 
we took him on board.”
 Actually John assumed only part of Bill’s 
responsibilities. John’s titled was “Assistant Vice President 
for Corporate Relations.” It took three men to do the work 
that Bill had been doing. Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
971. Lester, Bill. 2007. Biodiesel plants being built in the 
USA (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. Nov. 6. Conducted by 
William Shurtleff of Soyinfo Center.
• Summary: Many biodiesel ventures have failed for lack of 
a source of soybean oil. “Most of the biodiesel plants that are 
being built today are being built by people who have direct 
ties to a soybean crusher, which becomes a reliable source of 
crude / unreﬁ ned soy oil.” For example, ADM is a partner in 
the biodiesel plant being built in Missouri. AGP has been big 
in biodiesel since it is a big soybean crusher that can supply 
the crude soybean oil. Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
972. Lester, Bill. 2007. Ventura Foods in California 
(Interview). SoyaScan Notes. Nov. 6. Conducted by William 
Shurtleff of Soyinfo Center.
• Summary: CHS (which includes the old Honeymead–
Mankato, Minnesota–which has a soy oil reﬁ nery) is a 
part owner of Ventura Foods in California; they are a big 
packager and distributor of vegetable oils and their products 
(such as margarine). They even distribute butter. Ventura 
Foods was formerly named Wilsey Foods, which itself was 
previously named Bennett (also in Los Angeles). Bill thinks 
these companies were started by the Benett family.
 Ventura Foods also has a huge packaging plant in St. 
Joseph, Missouri–several blocks down the street from AGP’s 
plant in St. Joseph. Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
973. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2007. MFA Oil ﬁ rst 
truck customer at St. Joe biodiesel plant. No. 5. p. 5.
• Summary: “MFA Oil, St. Joseph, Missouri, picked up the 
ﬁ rst truck load of SoyGold® soy biodiesel from AGP’s new 
methyl ester plant in St. Joseph, Missouri. The plant has been 
in operation since September and shipping out product by 
rail before serving the truck market with MFA’s ﬁ rst load in 
October. Coincidentally, AGP was MFA Oil’s ﬁ rst customer 
of their soy blended fuel as Sam Burnett (below), Manager 
of MFA Oil in St. Joe, took the ﬁ rst truck load and ﬁ lled all 
of AGP’s locomotives and trackmobiles at the facility. Sam 
has been delivering fuel to AGP St. Joe for over 10 years.
 Photo caption: “On hand for the ﬁ rst truck load of 
SoyGold soy biodiesel to be shipped from the new St. 
Joseph, MO, methyl ester plant were (left to right): David 
Perkins, Manager, Special Projects, MFA Oil Company, 
Columbia, MO; Sam Burnett, Manager, MFA Oil, St. Joseph, 
MO; Steve Nogel, Sales and Marketing Director, SoyGold; 
Ray Matthews, Methyl Ester Plant Superintendent; and 
Justin Reedy, Supervisor, Methyl Ester.”
 Two photos show the MFA truck and men standing by it.
974. Lester, Bill. 2007. Details of how farmers sell their 
soybeans to an elevator they own, and of how their patronage 
(proﬁ t) is calculated (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. Dec. 26. 
Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyinfo Center.
• Summary: Imagine that there is a local elevator (that stores 
only soybeans) which is owned as a cooperative of many 
soybean farmers in the area. When a particular farmer is 
ready to sell some (or all) of his soybeans, he contacts the 
local elevator and asks what price they are paying right now 
for typical grade No. 2 soybeans. The elevator gives him 
the price, which is determined by the market. The farmer 
can either accept the price and deliver the beans, or he can 
wait and try to get a better offer later. The key point is that 
the impersonal market (not the farmer nor the elevator) 
determines the price. Moreover, a member of the local 
cooperative gets the same price at a particular moment as a 
farmer who is not a member of the cooperative.
 At the end of the cooperative’s ﬁ scal year (which for 
soybean cooperatives is usually about Aug. 31, when both 
their inventories and accounts receivable are lowest), the 
cooperative prepares its ﬁ nancial statements for the past 
year. If it has done well and made a signiﬁ cant proﬁ t (say 
$100,000), it will keep some of this proﬁ t for running the 
business and pay the rest of it as a “patronage” refund to its 
member growers. However only the member growers who 
actually sold soybeans to that cooperative during the past 
ﬁ scal year participate in the proﬁ ts. Then the amount of 
patronage is allocated based on the number of bushels sold 
to the elevator; the price that the grower received at the time 
of sale is not a factor in determining the patronage. So if one 
grower sold 2,000 bushels of soybeans to his elevator for 
$5.00 a bushel and a second grower sold 4,000 bushels at 
$6.00 a bushel, the second grower will receive twice as much 
money as patronage refund from the cooperative elevator as 
the ﬁ rst 
grower.
 By what authority are Americans allowed to join 

=== PAGE 346 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   346
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
together and form cooperatives? The Capper-V olstead Act 
of 1922 was enacted to assure cooperatives freedom from 
antitrust action–to relieve them of fear of being prosecuted 
under the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890.
 The 1920s were perhaps the most dif ﬁ cult decade of the 
20th century for farmers. They needed to ﬁ nd new ways to 
join and work together cooperatively in order to survive.
 Note 1. Andrew V olstead (lived 1860-1947) was a 
Republican congressman from Minnesota. From 1919 
to 1923 he served as chairman of the House Judiciary 
Committee. His name is also closely associated with the 
National Prohibition Act of 1919, usually called the V olstead 
Act. That was the enabling legislation for the enforcement 
of national prohibition beginning in 1920. Address: Omaha, 
Nebraska.
975. AGP–A Cooperative. 2008. Annual report to members: 
Your cooperative. 12700 West Dodge Road, P.O. Box 2047, 
Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. 32 + 21 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 2007 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$2,685.065 million, up 13.8% from $2,360.484 million in 
2006. Earnings from continuing operations (before income 
taxes): $90.296 million, up 20.2% from $75.136 million in 
2006.
 Records achieved (p. 3): Soybean crush. Aminoplus 
production and sales. Growth in Vistive contract areas. 
Reﬁ ned vegetable oil production. Renewable fuels 
production. Earnings by Protinal / Proagro in Venezuela.
 Capital investments (p. 3): Soybean processing upgrade 
and expansion under construction at St. Joseph, Missouri. 
Methyl ester plant expansion at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa. New 
methyl ester plant at St. Joseph, Missouri. Masterfeeds 
expansion and upgrade of Daco premix and testing plant.
 Message to the stockholders, from Marty Reagan (CEO 
and General Manager) and Brad Davis (Chairman of the 
Board). “All AGP businesses were proﬁ table, and each 
contributed to the excellent ﬁ nancial performance. As a 
result, AGP will pay patronage funds of $46.2 million, of 
which the Board approved 30 percent to be paid in cash to 
members.
 “The excellent cash ﬂ ow generated from these strong 
earnings combined with your cooperative’s ongoing balance 
sheet strength allowed your Board of Directors to approve 
equity redemption of $28 million for $2007. This amount 
brings the three year total of equity redeemed to $84 million. 
Cash payments for 2007 totaled $45.2 million including 
current cash patronage, equity redemption, and value-based 
premium programs. These payments bring the three-year 
total of cash returned to members to over $123 million–
the most cash returned in any three-year period in AGP’s 
history” (p. 5).
 AGP is “the largest cooperative soybean processing 
company in the world.” It “processes more than 15,000 acres 
of soybeans every day.” “Today its owners are 195 local 
cooperatives and six regional cooperatives, representing 
250,000 farmers from 15 states throughout the United States 
and Canada” (p. 7).
 “Vistive soybeans, developed by Monsanto Company 
through conventional breeding, contain 3% linolenic acid, 
compared to the typical 8% found in traditional soybeans. 
The result is a more stable, low-linolenic (low-lin) soybean 
oil which, for certain applications, does not need the partial 
hydrogenation process that produces trans fatty acids (trans 
fats).
 “Labeling of trans fats content in food became 
mandatory in Jan. 2006, so in partnership with Monsanto, 
AGP began contracting acres for Vistive production in 2005. 
Since then, growth of Vistive contract acres through AGP’s 
membership has been outstanding. From 2006 to 2007, acres 
increased almost ﬁ ve-fold, and the number of participating 
members that offer local delivery of Vistive more than 
doubled.
 “AGP expanded processing of Vistive soybeans from 
two to six plants,...” “AGP has been a leader in identity 
preserved soybeans for many years.” Contains many color 
photos. Address: Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: (402) 496-7809.
976. Iowa Soybean Review (Iowa Soybean Association, 
Urbandale, Iowa). 2008. AGP 2008 Vistive soybean 
production program. 19(4):10. Jan.
• Summary:  “Expanded to six AGP soy processing plants 
in Iowa. “IP Premium: 60 cents/per bu. buyer’s call, or 50 
cents/per bu. for fall delivery.
 “All Vistive-labeled varieties qualify
 “High-yielding varieties with popular Roundup Ready® 
capability
 “Producer has full marketing options
 “See your participating local elevator for further details.
 “For Information, contact:
 “Eagle Grove, Iowa, Ray Choquette 800-247-6372
 “Emmetsburg, Iowa, Kent Klootwyk 888-235-2370
 “Manning, Iowa, Jodie Johnson 800-458-4006
 “Mason City, Iowa, Mark Meierotto 800-397-2186
 “Sergeant Bluff, Iowa, Wayne Johnson 800-798-4282
 “Sheldon, Iowa, Steve Andrews 800-831-8518
 “www.agp.com.”
977. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2008. Vistive™ 
contract goals met for 2008. No. 1. p. 8. [Feb.].
• Summary: “Thanks to the joint promotional efforts of 
participating member cooperatives and AGP, the 2008 
Vistive contract production program reached its goal in 
January as the acreage commitment was fulﬁ lled at that time.
 “’AGP would like to thank the members for promoting 
this opportunity to their farmer-owners,’ said Greg Twist, 
Senior Vice President, Marketing, Soy/Corn Processing. 
‘We look forward to working with our members and their 
producers in future years to meet the demand for low-lin 

=== PAGE 347 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   347
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
oil.’”
 “Monsanto and AGP hosted a Vistive media promotion 
at AGP’s vegetable oil reﬁ nery in Hastings, Nebraska. Each 
segment of the value chain was represented, including 
(photo above, left to right), Bruce Favinger, a soybean 
producer from Minden, Nebraska and Board Chairman of 
CPI, Hastings; Bob Fiﬁ eld, CEO of CPI; and Dean Oberle, 
Sales Manager at CPI. Mark Sandeen (left), Merchandising 
Manager, AGP Hastings, discusses the Vistive program with 
Mike LePorte, farm broadcaster with KRVN, Lexington, 
Nebraska.”
 Photos show various men seated at tables.
978. Shurtleff, William; Aoyagi, Akiko. comps. 2008. 
History of cooperative soybean processing in the United 
States (1923-2008): Extensively annotated bibliography and 
sourcebook. Lafayette, California: Soyinfo Center. 303 p. 
Subject/geographical index. Printed 24 March 2008. 28 cm. 
[841 ref]
• Summary: The title page states: AGRI Industries, AGP, 
Boone Valley, CHS, Dawson Mills, Farmland Industries, Far-
Mar-Co, GTA, Gold Kist, Honeymead, Land O’Lakes, MFA, 
North Iowa Cooperative, Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative, 
Piatt County Soy Bean Co-operative, Riceland Foods. 
Address: Soyinfo Center, P.O. Box 234, Lafayette, California 
94549. Phone: 925-283-2991.
979. U.S. Soybean Export Council (USSEC). 2008. 
Members: As of May 1, 2008 (Web article). http://www.
asaim.org.tw/Membership.pdf. 3 p.
• Summary: Website: www.ussoyexports.org. Contents: 
Exporter class: Bartlett Grain Co. (Kansas City, MO 
[Missouri]). Blue Grass Farms of Ohio (Jeffersonville, OH). 
Brushvale Seed, Inc. (Breckenridge, MN [Minnesota]). 
CHS, Inc. Soy Flour Division (Mankato, MN). DeBruce 
Grain, Inc. (Kansas City, MO). The DeLong Company, 
Inc. (Clinton, WI [Wisconsin]). Grain Millers Specialty 
Products (Eden Prairie, MN). Jeneil Biotech, Inc. (Saukville, 
WI). Knewtson Soy Products LLP (Good Thunder, MN). 
Lansing Trade Group, LLC (Newark, OH). Latham Farms, 
LLC (Alexander, Iowa). Microsoy Corporation (Jefferson, 
IA). Midamar Corp. (Cedar Rapids, IA). Missouri Food & 
Fiber, Inc. (Harrisonville, MO). Northland Organic Food 
Corporation (St. Paul, MN). NeCo Seeds (Garden City, 
MO). Owensboro Grain Company (Owensboro, Kentucky). 
Perdue Agri Business, Grains & Oilseed Division LLC 


=== PAGE 348 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   348
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
(Salisbury, Maryland). SB & B Foods, Inc. (Casselton, North 
Dakota). SunOpta Company (Sandusky, Michigan). The 
Scoular Company (Minneapolis, MN). The Seed Company 
(Lynnville, IA). SK Food International, Inc. (Fargo, North 
Dakota). Unity Seed Company (Casselton, ND). Address: 
12125 Woodcrest Executive Drive, Suite 140 St. Louis, 
Missouri 63141. Phone: 314-985-0988 or 1-800-408-4993.
980. Iowa Soybean Review (Iowa Soybean Association, 
Urbandale, Iowa). 2008. Biodiesel: continues to be a large 
player in renewable fuels initiative. 19(7):16-17. Spring.
• Summary: “With an estimated 450 million gallons of 
biodiesel produced in the U.S. last year, biodiesel has 
an opportunity to play a major role in helping to reduce 
dependency on foreign oil, improve the environment and 
strengthen the economy. As a leader in the biodiesel industry, 
Iowa alone has the capability to produce 317.5 million 
gallons each year.
 “’Iowa has the ability to play a major part in renewable 
fuels,’ says Randy Olson, Iowa Biodiesel Board executive 
director. ‘We need to continue our momentum and increase 
biodiesel consumption through awareness and education to 
the consumers and the marketplace.’
 “Olson leads the Iowa Biodiesel Board (IBB), an 
organization launched in the summer of 2007 to help 
promote and represent the interests of Iowa companies 
and individuals involved in the biodiesel industry. All 14 
operating biodiesel plants in Iowa have joined the IBB, 
making it clear there is signiﬁ cant support for the biodiesel 
industry in Iowa.
 “’It’s incredible to have support from all Iowa biodiesel 
plants, and it really shows they care about the success of 
the biodiesel industry and the positive impact it has on the 
environment and Iowa’s economy,’ Olson says. ‘We have 
a great membership ranging from farmers and truckers to 
biodiesel plants and distributors. Everyone involved has a 
vested interested in seeing the biodiesel industry continue to 
grow both in Iowa and nationally.’
 “At the Washington International Renewable Energy 
Conference [in DC] in March, President George Bush 
afﬁ rmed the need for renewable fuels and said biodiesel is 
a major factor in helping to meet the federal renewable fuel 
standard.
 “’Biodiesel is the most promising of these fuels,’ Bush 
says. ‘More Americans are beginning to realize the beneﬁ ts 
of biodiesel every year.’
 “Iowa is not only a leader in the biodiesel industry, 
but the state is also the nation’s largest soybean producer. 
Soybean farmers have a very important role in the growth 
of biodiesel, and their support is vital to the success of the 
industry. If all U.S. on-road diesel fuel contained 2 percent 
soy biodiesel, it would consume the oil from approximately 
500 million bushels of soybeans.
 “A soybean checkoff investment ﬁ rst funded the 
research to develop soy biodiesel, and now that investment is 
transitioning to focus on educating consumers and increasing 
awareness and consumption of biodiesel.
 “Biodiesel serves as just one of the products soybean 
checkoff dollars promote to help increase demand. Soybean 
farmers will continue to see beneﬁ ts from the growing 
demand for soybean oil to meet biodiesel production needs. 
At the National Biodiesel Conference & Expo, industry 
leaders said they are expecting biodiesel will reach 1 billion 
gallons a year in the next few years.
 “An economic impact study commissioned by the Iowa 
Soybean Association (ISA) shows that the biodiesel industry 
will add $655 million to the Iowa gross domestic product in 
2008. The report also says biodiesel production will support 
3,751 jobs and generate $17.4 million in household income 
for Iowans. An encouraging number for soybean farmers 
who are strong advocates for the use of biodiesel.
 “John Heisdorffer, a soybean farmer who wears many 
hats in the biodiesel industry, ﬁ rst became interested in 
biodiesel while involved with the ISA and serving on the 
National Biodiesel Board (NBB) as chair of the technical 
committee. Since then he has been an avid promoter of 
biodiesel as a consumer, farmer, plant investor / director 
and NBB member. He has one thing to say to farmers or 
consumers uncertain about switching to biodiesel.
 ‘Do you want to use a product we get from another 
country or a product we are producing ourselves at home?’ 
Heisdorffer says. ‘There are so many positive environmental 
impacts when using biodiesel.’
 “Nearly 70 percent of Iowa farmers are using biodiesel. 
The growth is a result of the promotional efforts by the ISA, 
IBB, United Soybean Board, American Soybean Association, 
NBB and other organizations to educate consumers. 
Educational efforts continue on proper cold-weather usage 
of biodiesel, as this is a concern commonly cited among 
consumers. Heisdorffer says a lot of farmers use B20 all year 
round, but farmers can easily cut back to a 2 or 5 percent 
blend during the winter months.
 “The IBB is working to increase the availability of 
biodiesel, and its legislative efforts include advocating for 
support of infrastructure programs that increase availability 
and usage of biodiesel.
 “’I still hear every once in a while that farmers are 
unable to ﬁ nd dealers that carry biodiesel,’ Heisdorffer says.
 “Agricultural equipment manufactures, such as 
Caterpillar, Case IH, John Deere and New Holland, are also 
showing support for and encouraging use of biodiesel.
 “’Soy biodiesel has higher fuel lubricity than petroleum 
diesel and can actually increase engine life,’ Olson says. 
‘Continuing to maintain and improve the fuel quality will 
ensure that consumers are receiving a high-quality alternative 
fuel and provide them with proof they are making a smart 
decision by choosing biodiesel.’
 “The bene ﬁ ts of biodiesel continue to improve and grow. 

=== PAGE 349 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   349
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
The U.S. Department of Agriculture and University of Idaho 
announced in February that the energy balance increased 
to 3.5-to-1. This means for every unit of energy needed to 
produce biodiesel, over its life cycle, there are 3.5 units 
returned. This is an increase from a study done in 1998 that 
showed a 3.2-to-1 ratio.
 “The biodiesel industry has made remarkable 
advancements in fuel quality standards in the past year. A 
study by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) 
shows 90 percent of biodiesel tested met national fuel quality 
standards.
 “’The biodiesel industry will continue moving forward, 
and we encourage Iowans to support an alternative fuel that 
provides multiple beneﬁ ts for the state,’ Olson says.
 “For more information on the Iowa Biodiesel Board, 
visit www.iowabiodiesel.org.
 A sidebar shows:
 “Iowa Biodiesel Board Member Plants and Annual 
Capacity (gallons)
 “Ag Processing, Inc., Sergeant Bluff, Iowa... 30,000,000
 “Cargill, Iowa Falls... 37,500,000
 “Central Iowa Energy, LLC Newton... 30,000,000
 “Nova Biofuels Clinton County, Clinton... 10,000,000
 “Freedom Fuels, LLC, Mason City... 30,000,000
 “Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC, Washington... 
30,000,000
 “Renewable Energy Group, Inc., Ralston... 12,000,000
 “Riksch Bio Fuels, LLC, Crawfordsville... 10,000,000
 “Sioux Biochemical, Inc., Sioux Center... 2,000,000
 “Soy Solutions, Milford... 2,000,000
 “Tri-City Energy, LLC, Keokuk... 5,000,000
 “Western Iowa Energy, LLC, Wall Lake... 30,000,000
 “Western Dubuque Biodiesel, LLC Farley... 30,000,000
 “East Fork Biodiesel, LLC, Algona... 60,000,00.”
981. St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Missouri). 2008. 
Lawsuit targets Riceland Foods. July 3. p. D6.
• Summary: “Little Rock, Arkansas. A lawsuit ﬁ led 
Wednesday claims that Riceland Foods Inc. was involved 
in development of a genetically modiﬁ ed rice strain and 
delayed for months telling farmers that the rice had gotten 
into the food supply, news that led a number of nations to 
stop buying American rice.
 “Attorney Paul Byrd ﬁ led the lawsuit on behalf of an 
estimated 4,000 state rice growers. Byrd said the producers 
had to sell their rice for less to countries that would allow the 
modiﬁ ed rice on the market.
 “The strain was not considered harmful to humans, but 
the U.S. Department of Agriculture had not approved it for 
human consumption.
 “From AP reports.”
982. Crown Iron Works. 2008. A crowning achievement: 130 
years of innovation, perseverance, and trust. Minneapolis, 
Minnesota: Published by Crown. [vii] + 119 p. Illust. Index. 
28 x 24 cm.
• Summary: This is a very handsome history (by Carol 
Pine) of Crown Iron Works, ﬁ lled with ﬁ ne photos and many 
sidebars: Contents: 1. Opportunity, grit and craftsmanship 
(1878-1945): Tackling tough assignments, organic growth–
the “slow, hard way,” every kind of building imaginable, 
steel posts by the millions, the roar before the rout, standing 
tall in World War II, getting their act together, a near-death 
experience. 2. Re-engineer... or disappear (1946-1969): 
Inspiration from Henry Ford, a far cry from forging, hail the 
“monarch of Manchuria” [the soybean], Crown’s next near-
death experience, nurturing ideas, teamwork for “curious 
dummies,” more cause for reinvention, no ducking the facts, 
duck boats and Minnie’s makeover. Soybeans supplant steel 
(1970-1982): Another Mr. Wizard, a heavy metal medley, 
telling it like it is, selling the “bigs,” young and restless, can 
we do it?, a day in the life of “Sam Soybean” (diagram), 
aging aircraft and blind transport, a pivotal choice, pillorying 
paper, German engineering, Yankee ingenuity, Crown 
timeline. 4. Crown joins the “global village” (1983-1989): 
The new Crown circa 1984, the man behind the anvil, 
the globe trotting begins, inﬂ ation beyond imagination, 
extractors in Europe, consorting with Krupp, geopolitical 
pistachios, in China patience, from Chicago a good ﬁ t, a 
breach and a bond, a handshake is a deal, pairing with Pisces, 
home runs for crown. 5. An old company with new tricks 
(1990-1999): The dehulling gamble, taking it on faith, keep 
it simple, extraction traction, on the road again, initiative 
pays, good faith rewards, from bulbs to beer, Crown’s global 
voices, from Indonesia to Mexico, doing business in Russia’s 
wild west, birthday greetings, business a la barbecue, 
from detergent to diesel fuel, a genuine win-win equation, 
“urning” conﬁ dence. 6. Feeding and fueling the world 
(2000-2008): Gazillion gallons, learning from Europe, wired 
and willing, all points east, whose process is it?, nothing 
ventured, Jesse [Ventura] see, Jessee do, the road to reﬁ ning, 
a reluctant farewell, busy, busy, busy, the “pack rats” prevail, 
when last seen, a day in the life of “Sam Soybean” today 
(color diagram), into the old carbon dioxide, locally grown 
food and fuel, what makes us proud. In closing. Appendixes: 
In closing. Employees. Management team. Ofﬁ ce locations. 
Trademarks and brands. Acknowledgments. Photo credits.
 Photos show: August Malmsten, John Hernlund, 
Andrew Nelson, Eli Anderson, Minneapolis Star and 
Tribune Building (Crown had a big part in the building of 
Minneapolis), barbed wire screw posts, A Nilson tractor, 
Eli and Clifford H. Anderson, Crown Iron soy bean plant, 
Dawson Mills’ plant, Bill Kratochwill, a home coal stoker, 
Minneapolis structural steel projects, Clifford I. and 
George Anderson, Jeff Scott, Heinz Schumacher, Crown 
employees 1937, Clifford H. Anderson, Crown employees 
1972, Crown extractor, Clifford I. Anderson, Hubert 
Humphrey Metrodome, a 4,000 Series Crown Exractor, a 

=== PAGE 350 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   350
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
carbon dioxide press using the HIPLEX process, A Crown 
Friendship Engineering plant in Wuhan, China, Crown 
employees at 125th anniversary in 2003. Crown’s new 
ofﬁ ce and warehouse on Broadway and Johnson streets. 
George Anderson. Archimedes screw pump, Crown Model 
III extractor, Crown / Schumacher Counterﬂ ow DTDC (DT 
= desolventizer-toaster), overseas installations (Brunswick, 
Georgia; Caramura, Brazil; Philippines); by the late 1980s 
Crown plants were computerized, Kin Kong Yee of Pisces, 
inside a Crown Jet Dryer, inventors Darcy Moses and Bill 
Stevenson, Crown Jet Dryers, new headquarters in northeast 
Minneapolis, Model IV extractor for the pharmaceutical 
industry, Clifford Anderson in China, Jeff Scott in China, 
Valentin Zaletkin and Boris Solovyov in Moscow [Russia], 
Hernan Paredes, biodiesel decanters, computer generated 
image inside a Crown biodiesel plant, Jesse Ventura and 
George Anderson, huge Crown extractor in Argentina, 
welded heat exchanger coils, Harburger–Freudenberger 
HIPLEX Press (using carbon dioxide), Cliff Anderson 
who retired in 2008, Crown employees in 2007, Crown 
management team in Aug. 2007. Address: Minneapolis, 
Minnesota.
983. WISHH. 2009. WISHH–World Initiative for Soy in 
Human Health (Website printout–part). www.wishh.org 
Retrieved Jan. 29.
• Summary: Contents: Home. About WISHH: Mission 
and vision, WISHH Committee, Our supporters / partners, 
Staff. Global outreach: WISHH has activities in the 
following countries, listed alphabetically and highlighted 
in green: Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Botswana, Burkina 
Faso, Cambodia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Guatemala, Haiti, 
Honduras, India, Indonesia, Kenya, Mozambique, Pakistan, 
Senegal, South Africa, Uganda, Vietnam, Zimbabwe. These 
countries are shown on a map of the world and each program 
is described in considerable detail if you click on the name 
of that country below the map. Another group of countries 
in the same list, whose names are written in black, are those 
where WISHH presently has projects but (being very busy 
and active) has not yet had time to describe that project and 
add a color photo. They are: Angola, Democratic Republic 
of the Congo (DRC), Ethiopia, Malawi, Nicaragua, Nigeria, 
Tajikistan, Tanzania.
 Media communications: Press releases, Newsletters, 
Annual reports, Photo gallery (very interesting). Workshops 
/ Training: International workshops, Washington, 
DC, workshops, Midwest workshops, Other training. 
Nutrition library: Nutrition HIV/AIDS overview, WISHH 
presentations, WISHH papers / publications, WISHH HIV/
AIDS activities, HIV/AIDS resources, SoyCow & VitaGoat, 
Economics of soy. Resources / Links: Soybean organizations 
and agencies (33), U.S. government and international 
organizations (13). About soy: Soy products, composition 
of soy, US soy production, Supplier list. Contact us: The 
WISHH ofﬁ ce is co-located with the American Soybean 
Association ofﬁ ce near St. Louis, Missouri.
 “Global outreach: WISHH works with multiple private 
voluntary organizations and commercial companies in more 


=== PAGE 351 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   351
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
than 28 different developing countries in Africa, Asia and 
Central America. Many of these groups are using U.S. high-
protein soy to improve diets and health as well as encourage 
growth of food industries in developing countries.”
 Supplier list–Suppliers of soy and soy products: ADM, 
Bunge Milling, Cargill, Inc., CHS (Cenex Harvest States), 
Soya Kenya (agent for CHS in Kenya), Louis Dreyfus Corp., 
Nedan Oil Mills (Pty) Ltd. (Afgri Products) (Republic of 
South Africa), North American Millers’ Association, Rab 
Processors Ltd. (Malawi). Seba Foods (Malawi), The Solae 
Co., Soy Afric (Kenya), SunOpta Food Group LLC (USA), 
Zeeland Farm Soya (USA).
 SoyCow & VitaGoat: Both are manufactured and 
supplied by Malnutrition Matters (Frank Daller), 498 
Rivershore Crescent, Ottawa, ON, Canada K1J 7Y7. www.
malnutrition.org. Details about each low-tech machine are 
given. 
 Color photos show: (1) Jim Hershey, executive 
director of WISHH, with Africans interested in soyfoods 
in Cote d’Ivoire. (2) Ditto. (3) Handsome boy with soy in 
Mozambique. (4) Jim Hershey drinking soymilk in Malawi. 
Address: 12125 Woodcrest Executive Dr., Suite 100, St. 
Louis, Missouri 63141. Phone: (314) 576-1770.
984. AGP–A Cooperative. 2009. Annual report: Celebrating 
25 years. When cooperatives cooperate–success follows. 
12700 West Dodge Road, P.O. Box 2047, Omaha, Nebraska 
68103-2047. 32 + 8 + 21 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 2008 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$4,294.205 million, up 66.1% from $2,585.287 million in 
2007. Earnings from continuing operations (before income 
taxes): $143.912 million up 63.1% from $88.227 million in 
2007.
 Records achieved (p. 3): Earnings and hash returned 
to member cooperatives. Aminoplus production and sales. 
Exports through the Port of Gray’s Harbor. Production 
of specialty oils. Soy biodiesel production, sales and 
proﬁ tability.
 Capital investments: Including–Completion of soy 
biodiesel plant at St. Joseph, Missouri. Soybean processing 
upgrade and expansion at St. Joseph, Missouri. Custom-
designed soybean meal rail cars.
 On page are three bar charts showing the net earnings, 
members’ equity, and cumulative cash returned to members 
(component premiums, redemptions, and cash patronage 
dividends) each year from 1984 to 2008. Very impressive!


=== PAGE 352 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   352
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 An 8-page insert contains a timeline of AGP from 1983 
to 2008. Address: Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: (402) 496-7809.
985. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2009. Annual meeting 
caps milestone year for AGP: Records set during 25th year. 
No. 1. p. 1-8. Feb/March.
• Summary: In ﬁ scal 2008 AGP posted sales of nearly $4.3 
billion, “generating earnings from continuing operations 
(before income taxes) of $143.9 million, up over 63 percent 
from the prior year and the best in AGP’s history.”
 “The Board of Directors approved patronage of a record 
$88.9 million of which 30% ($26.7 million) was paid in 
cash. Patronage refunds for 2008 were 39.6 cents per bushel 
on soybeans; $16.82 per ton on soybean meal; $8.41 for soy 
hulls; and grain purchased by AGP Grain Marketing, LLC at 
2.3 cents per bushel.
 Note: Talk with Bill Lester, formerly of AGP. 2009. 
March 13. The patronage refunds on soybean meal and hulls 
are to members of AGP that buy the meal from AGP for use 
in making livestock feeds. AGP Grain Marketing LLC is a 
grain trading company that that buys and sells grains such as 
wheat. AGP members get 2.3 cents per bushel purchased by 
the marketing company.
 “Over the past 5 years, cash returns [by AGP] to 
members have exceeded $213 million.”
986. Krohn, Tim. 2009. Lowell Andreas dies. Mankato Free 
Press. April 6.


=== PAGE 353 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   353
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
• Summary: “The man who helped 
grow Archer Daniels Midland 
into an international Giant and 
who donated millions of dollars 
to Mankato college, hospitals and 
other endeavors has died.
 “Lowell Andreas, 87, died 
Saturday at his home in Mankato.
 “After World War II, Lowell 
and brother Dwayne purchased 
Honeymead in Mankato, growing 
it to the largest soybean processing 
plant in the country. They sold it 
in the 1960s and bought a bank in 
the Twin Cities.
 “They were asked to join 
ADM where Lowell served as 
president for six years before 
retiring. But he remained on the 
board of directors until recently 
and always maintained an ofﬁ ce in 
the Mankato ADM plant.
 “Dwayne took over as president and led ADM for 25 
years until retiring in 1997.
 “ADM, with sales of $70 billion last year, is the world 
leader in processing soybean oil and the largest producer of 
ethanol in the world.
 “Lowell was born in Lisbon, Iowa, and majored in 
philosophy at the University of Iowa.
 “Lowell and his wife, Nadine, donated to a variety of 
groups, most notably the arts at Minnesota State University 
and Immanuel St. Joseph’s Mayo Health System.
 “They donated $4 million toward the $14 million 
Andreas Cancer Center being built at ISJ [Immanuel St. 
Joseph, now renamed Mayo Health System, in Mankato].
 “In 2007, Lowell and other family members donated 
$7.5 million to MSU [Mankato State University] for an 
endowment in the name of Nadine, who died in 2005 at age 
82.
 “’Nadine had a deep love for the arts, especially theatre,’ 
Lowell said at the time of the gift.
 “Nadine was born in West Liberty, Iowa, and attended 
the University of Minnesota, where she performed in theater 
productions and developed a love of the arts.
 “The couple also funded the Andreas Theatre in the 
Performing Arts Center and provided the naming gift for the 
Andreas Observatory on campus [at Minnesota State Univ., 
Mankato].
 “A memorial service will be held at 3 p.m. Thursday at 
First Presbyterian Church in Mankato. A private burial will 
be in Glenwood Cemetery. Memorials are preferred to the 
Andreas Cancer Center at ISJ. Mankato Mortuary is handling 
arrangements.”
987. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2009. Growing value 
through component premiums: Value-based marketing yields 
$$’s. No. 2. p. 1-2.
• Summary:  The farmer-owners of AGP select and plant 
seeds that give the best possible yields but that also contain 
above average protein and oil. In this way they “can add 
premiums ranging from 2 to 10 cents above the per bushel 
price of soybeans.”
 “Since launching the industry’s ﬁ rst value-based 
premium program for soybeans nearly ten years ago, AGP 
has paid [to its members] a total of $24 million in component 
premiums (not including any specialty programs such as 
low-linolenic or non-GMO).”
 A table (p. 2), titled “Component premium schedule” 
shows that soybeans containing 19.5 to 19.8% oil earn a 
premium of 2.0 cents per bushel, whereas those containing 
21.1% or more oil earn a premium of 7.0 cents. As for 
protein, any bushel containing 37% or more protein earns 
3.0 cents–so long as the oil content is at least 19.5%. These 
premiums can change, being adjusted to market conditions.
 A portrait photo shows Gregg Twist, Senior Vice 
President.
988. Campbell, John. 2009. Political pod [federal ethanol and 
biodiesel mandates]. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska) No. 2. 
p. 4.
• Summary: “Have you ever heard the phrase “direct and 
indirect land use”?
 “It’s a phrase that was inserted into the 2007 Energy 
Bill. That bill raised the ethanol mandate from corn to 15 
billion gallons and established a biodiesel mandate starting at 
500 million gallons. One of the concessions to environmental 
groups in the deal-making was to require new ethanol plants 


=== PAGE 354 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   354
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
and all biodiesel plants to make ethanol and biodiesel that 
have lower life-cycle greenhouse gas emissions than fossil 
fuels.
 “Everybody knows that renewables generate less 
greenhouse gasses than fossil fuels. After all, that is what 
the government reports already say. Right? Well, not so fast 
cowboy! Turns out that those government reports did not 
consider “direct and indirect land use”. They did not consider 
it for good reason. The whole theory is ﬂ imsy at best.
 “Congress passed a bill that was supposed to ramp up 
renewable use but then tied conditions to the production 
of renewables that make it nearly impossible to actually 
accomplish the goals.”
989. Wendel, Armin. comp. 2009. Soybean solvent 
processing plants worldwide in 2006, including those that 
make lecithin. Germany.
• Summary: This 4-sheet Excel spreadsheet was compiled by 
lecithin-expert Armin Wendel in 2009. The 5 columns are: 
(1) Company name. (2) Country. (3) Area (such as state in 
USA). (4). City. (5) Lecithin? (Yes/No).
 The main companies are ADM, Bunge, Cargill, and Ag 
Processing Inc. Most companies do not make lecithin, except 
at one location.
 The main countries are USA. Argentina, Brasil [Brazil]. 
China, Netherlands, Germany, Spain and Italy are also listed. 
Address: Germany.
990. News-Star (The) (Monroe, Louisiana). 2009. Riceland 
sales at $1.3 billion. Nov. 26. p. 10.
• Summary: “Stuttgart, Arkansas. Stuttgart-based Riceland 
Foods Inc. says its sales for the ﬁ scal year are up by 8 
percent from the year before. The farmer-owned cooperative 
had sales of $1.3 billion for the 12 months ending July 31. 
Riceland President and CEO Danny Kennedy says that in the 
past three years, crop production has been less than in prior 
years. But he says grain prices have been higher in the past 
two years.”
 Note: In Nov. 2016 Riceland Foods reported $1 billion 
in sales for 9 years in a row (from 2008 to 2016).
991. Campbell, John. 2009. Political pod: [Is it the end of the 
road for the biofuels bus?]. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska) 
No. 4. p. 8-9.
• Summary: An very perceptive and well-written essay by 
an observer with long experience. “The biofuels bus is in the 
proverbial ditch. Public support has eroded and proﬁ ts are 
scarce. Regulatory agencies such as the US Environmental 
Protection Agency (EPA) and California Air Resources 
Board (CARB) have put the brakes on corn ethanol and soy 
biodiesel.
 “Some say we were sabotaged. Sabotaged we may 
have been but further investigation shows that we were also 
travelling under the inﬂ uence. We were traveling under the 
inﬂ uence of dreamers, schemers and tin men. This crowd 
knew no limits. It was a party that would never end. Money 
was easy and proﬁ ts were fat. Every feasibility study 
concluded that another ethanol or biodiesel plant was just 
what we needed.
 “If that were not enough, along comes George W. Bush 
who threw free party favors onboard. The President said we 
could break our “addiction to oil” with billions of gallons 
of new renewable fuels. That was all the party bus needed 
to hear. Any last sense of propriety was abandoned. Let the 
good times roll!
 “Congress did not want to miss out. They hopped on 
board and before you knew it we had a new law that outdid 
President Bush. “Thirty six billion gallons by 2022” was the 
party song. We were all off to biofuels ‘Neverland.’
 “Trouble is that folks started to notice the party bus. 
Some of the passengers were getting nervous, too. Not only 
that, a perfect commodity storm was brewing outside as 
we careened along. Oil prices were taking off and pulling 
everything up with them–corn, ethanol, soybeans–anything 
that could be burned got sucked up in the whirlwind.
 “Livestock producers and grocery stores started blaming 
the crazy party bus for the storm. Environmentalists saw an 
opportunity to hop off–and hop off they did. So did most of 
Congress. While they were getting off the bus they threw 
some nails under the tires. These nails took the form of ﬁ ne 
print in the new renewable fuel law and a big anti-ethanol 
media campaign. Sure enough, we ran over the nails, blew 
out the tires and ended up in the ditch. Dazed, we stumbled 
out the emergency exits wondering what happened. Several 
passengers were injured and taken off to bankruptcy hospital.
 “Some of the injured have already returned to the site of 
the crash–glassy eyed ‘zombie’ producers–their bodies taken 
over by oil companies. Some of the passengers ran ahead 
and found that the bridge on the roadmap to Neverland never 
was. They report back that there was no way to get to the 36 
billion gallon Neverland in the ﬁ rst place. The EPA and the 
car companies will not let it happen.
 “Some passengers are trying to throw planks called 
E12 and E15 across the rushing river. A few might make it 
if these planks don’t get swept away. Much stronger planks 
called E30 and E40 will be needed to get the chosen across 
and on their way.
 “The oldest ethanol and biodiesel passengers on the 
bus just found out that they were not intended to go to 
‘Neverland’ in the ﬁ rst place. They are going to get pushed 
off the bus before the river (about half way) because they 
are not the kind of new renewables desired on the other side. 
Only renewables from things like grass and algae are good 
enough to get into Neverland.
 “The commodity storm has passed but our bus is still 
mired in the water and mud. Drivers and passengers are 
working feverishly to push, dig and pull the bus out of the 
ditch (except for the zombies). EPA could unplug the culverts 

=== PAGE 355 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   355
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
and drain the ditch thus making it easier to get back on the 
road but so far they stand with arms folded–contemplating 
the situation.
 “Is it the end of the road for the biofuels bus? Maybe–
we had a good time getting this far–until the crash. A lot of 
fair-weather friends have wandered off to do other things.
 “Folks who threw the nails under the tires say they 
might help push but they don’t work for free. And, they 
will not help the older passengers. Their price is for all the 
passengers to empty their pockets and hand over valuables. 
They have a climate change train to pay for and they need 
help. So far, the passengers have said ‘no deal’ because the 
climate change train would ﬂ atten millions of acres of corn 
and soybean land leaving none for the biofuels bus.
 “EPA might drain the ditch. We might get the bus pushed 
back up on the road by ourselves. Even so, ahead lays the 
roar of the river with no bridge and behind the scream of the 
climate change train. A tricky passage to say the least.”
992. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2010. NCFC: Your 
Washington watchdog and cooperative advocate. No. 2. p. 
1-4.
• Summary: This is a question and answer session with 
Chuck Conner, President and CEO of NCFC, held in 
the organization’s Washington, DC ofﬁ ce, located only 
3 blocks from the nation’s Capitol. NCFC stands for the 
National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, the group that 
has been lobbying on behalf of farmer cooperatives since 
1928. Today NCFC “represents 58 of the major agricultural 
cooperatives in the country. We only represent farmer-owned 
cooperatives. Around 70 percent of the farmers in the U.S. 
belong to those 58 cooperatives, which have an estimated 
200,000 employees and an $8 billion payroll... Today, 
we have a staff of 11 people including a strong team of 
lobbyists.
 “Our mission is to represent the business interests of 
our member cooperatives which range from the fundamental 
Capper-V olstead Act of our right to exist, taxation, and 
environmental issues. If it impacts the business side of 
things, then we’re probably the lead organization, if not the 
only organization in Washington, looking after those sole 
business interests.”
 “However, for the ﬁ rst time in a very long time we’ve 
had senior leadership with the U.S. government saying 
negative things against Capper-V olstead and against 
cooperatives. This began last fall when the senior antitrust 
lawyer for the U.S. government, Christine Varney, testiﬁ ed at 
hearings in Vermont that Capper-V olstead may have outlived 
its usefulness and Congress may want to consider making 
changes to it. This certainly got our attention, and we’ve 
been working very hard since then in setting the record 
straight in terms of the value of cooperatives.”
 “To give you an example of some of things she started 
with her negative comments and how people have fed on that 
would be some recent hearings in New York, where Varney 
and Senator Schumer (D-NY) participated regarding dairy 
cooperatives and their marketing. At this hearing, Senator 
Schumer was quoted as follows: ‘Some larger cooperatives 
are under scrutiny and they should be. We need to distinguish 
between smaller, farmer-friendly cooperatives and larger 
ones that act like big, private companies.’ This illustrates 
how we need to set the record straight by letting them know 
that farmer cooperatives, regardless of size, are still made 
up of individual farmers coming together to market their 
products. And farmers control the Board of Directors.”
 A photo shows NCFC’s Chuck Conner testifying at a 
Climate Change brieﬁ ng on Capitol Hill. A sidebar gives 
Chuck Conner’s Bio. The NCFC logo is prominently 
displayed.
993. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2010. AGP plans 
expansion at the Port of Grays Harbor. No. 2. p. 5.
• Summary: “Ag Processing Inc (AGP) recently announced 
that the company will be undertaking a multimillion dollar 
expansion project at its Port of Grays Harbor facility in 
Aberdeen, Washington. The company has a 15-year history 
of shipping agricultural products from the West Coast to the 
Paciﬁ c Rim.”
 “Detailed engineering and site preparation is underway 
with construction slated to start this fall. The project is 
scheduled to be completed in early 2012. The expanded 
facility will provide a gateway destination for soybean meal, 
grains, distillers grains, gluten meal, and beet pulp pellets.”
 “The Port of Grays Harbor, Washington State’s only 
deepwater port on the Paciﬁ c Coast, is only 1.5 vessel 
hours from open sea. More information and photographs 
of the marine terminal site are available on their website at 
portofgraysharbor. com.”
 An aerial color photo (by Marc Sterling) shows the port, 
with one ship and many oil storage tanks.
994. Campbell, John. 2010. Political pod: [Does land for 
biofuels compete with land for crops?]. AGP News (Omaha, 
Nebraska) No. 2. p. 6.
• Summary: “Most people would probably be shocked to 
learn that the area devoted to crops declined by 93 million 
acres since 1982. This massive reduction in cropped acres 
(22 percent) is due partially to around 36 million acres of 
paid set asides in the form of the Conservation Reserve 
Program (CRP).
 “The other big change is urban and rural development. 
About 40 million more acres were lost to houses, roads, 
commercial building and shopping malls. Of this 40 million 
acres, USDA says 14 million acres were ‘prime’ farmlands.
 “What does this all mean? It means that while the United 
States was ramping up biofuels production–use of land for 
crops was actually falling–not increasing.”

=== PAGE 356 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   356
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
995. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2011. AGP expands 
biodiesel business. No. 3. p. 1-2. Sept.
• Summary: “Ag Processing Inc (AGP) a cooperative has 
purchased the assets of the former East Fork Biodiesel LLC 
plant near Algona, Iowa. The plant, which had been idle prior 
to the acquisition, has a rated capacity of 60 million gallons 
of biodiesel production annually.
 “AGP anticipates that the facility will be operational on 
or shortly after September 1, creating 31 new jobs and new 
economic activity in the community while expanding the 
farmer-owned cooperative’s presence in the renewable fuels 
industry.
 “AGP was the ﬁ  rst company in the United States to 
construct a purpose-built soy biodiesel plant at Sergeant 
Bluff, Iowa in 1996. The cooperative constructed a second 
soy biodiesel plant at St. Joseph, Missouri in 2007. The two 
plants have a combined annual capacity of 60 million gallons 
of biodiesel.
 “’AGP is a long-term supporter of the renewable fuels 
industry, particularly soy biodiesel, which complements 
our soybean processing platform,’ said Marty Reagan, AGP 
CEO. ‘Soy biodiesel reduces our nation’s dependence on 
foreign oil while strengthening Midwestern agriculture and 
rural communities.’
 “’AGP believes renewable fuels are good for the United 
States and for our country’s farmers,’ said Cal Meyer, 
Group Vice President, Processing, Reﬁ ned Vegetable Oils, 
and Renewable Fuels. ‘This acquisition reﬂ ects our strong 
commitment to soy biodiesel which adds value to the 
soybean crop produced by Iowa’s farmers.”
996. Crisp, Jonathan. 2011. Re: Work of Donald Crisp with 
soy protein isolates and Dawson Mills. Letter (e-mail) to 
William Shurtleff at Soyinfo Center, Oct. 24. 1 p.
• Summary: My father, Donald Crisp, was VP of Dawson 
Mills from 1977-1981. My father who was from England 
was recruited by Joe Givens speciﬁ cally for his expertise 
in soya isolate production, an area he had been involved in 
the UK for many years prior to joining Dawson Mills. He 
was largely responsible for the development of the ground-
breaking isolate plant at Dawson Mills and the subsequent 
merger with Land O’Lakes. Sadly he passed away in 1984 at 
age of 55. He worked very closely with Joe Givens for many 
years and remained close friends up until he died.
 He was also instrumental in the merger with Land 
O’Lakes; if this had not happened, it would have resulted in 
the almost certain ﬁ nancial failure of the entire organisation 
(Dawson Mills) and a loss of 240 jobs!
 “Joe Givens played little part in this merger as he had 
announced his retirement prior to the merger taking place.”
 Second e-mail, in reply to questions, received 
from Jonathan Crisp, Oct. 25: “My father, was born in 
Kettlebrough, Suffolk, UK, in 1929 and had around 30 years 
experience in the food industry in a number of prominent 
roles. Prior to joining Dawson Mills as vice president & head 
of corporate planning he spent around eight years working 
in Cambridge, UK, for a large food company named Spillers 
which is sadly no longer in business but at that time was one 
of the UK foremost producers of a wide range of pet-foods 
and bakery products.
 “You must understand I was only around 12 years old 
when we moved to the US so my understanding of exactly 
what he did is sketchy. However I am reliably informed that 
he worked for a number of years on TSP (Textured Soya 
Protein) with Spillers, hence his connections with Dawson 
Mills and Joe Givens.
 “He commenced employment with Dawson Mills in 
Oct. 1977 and with the responsibility for the development 
and establishment of the isolate plant in Dawson. He also 
set up Dawson Food ingredients and hired the likes of Dan 
Hooton with the objective of marketing the isolate product.
 “If my memory serves me correctly my father, along 
with Joe Givens, established a dialogue with Land O’Lakes 
and an agreed merger was implemented. However I believe 
Joe left the organisation prior to the merger being completed 
and it was my father who was responsible for the closure of 
the isolate plant and the subsequently loss of around 80 Jobs! 
He was even ﬁ lmed on state TV making the announcement.
 “This merger was what saved Dawson Mills and your 
account that according to Joe Givens that this did not work 
out seems to admit this. Make no mistake, the merger saved 
the vast majority of jobs the loss of which would have had 
a devastating effect on the local economy.–Jon.” Address: 
Cambridge, UK.
997. AGP–A Cooperative. 2012. Annual report to members: 
Your cooperative. 12700 West Dodge Road, P.O. Box 2047, 
Omaha, Nebraska 68103-2047. 23 + 4 p. 28 cm.
• Summary: Net sales for 2012 (year ended Aug. 31) were 
$4,920.167 million, up 12.9% from $4,357.694 million in 
2011. Earnings from continuing operations (before income 
taxes): $118.089 million, up 46.2% from $80.729 million in 
2011.
 “Record soybean processing: AGP’s nine soybean 
processing plants achieved a record crush and also processed 
a record volume of members’ soybeans.”
 “Biodiesel bounty: The renewable fuels picture was 
considerably brighter for AGP’s biodiesel operations, 
which achieved production and record earnings. This was 
accomplished with the successful start-up and operation of 
the biodiesel plant in Algona, Iowa, which AGP acquired in 
July 2011. Record daily production volumes at AGP’s plants 
in Sergeant Bluff, Iowa, and St. Joseph, Missouri were also 
achieved.
 U.S. biodiesel production also reached record volumes 
in calendar year 2011 with reinstatement of the federal 
tax credit for biodiesel. AGP successfully met the strong 
consumer demand for biodiesel prior to the expiration of the 

=== PAGE 357 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   357
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
$1 per tax credit on December 31, 2011.”
 Contains many color photos, including the board of 
directors (p. 21), and management staff (p. 22).
 On page 23 is a ten-year ﬁ nancial summary. Address: 
Omaha, Nebraska. Phone: (402) 496-7809.
998. Shurtleff, William. 2012. The global value chain for 
soybeans (Editorial). SoyaScan Notes. June 12.
• Summary: “The value chain is a concept from business 
management that was ﬁ rst described and popularized 
by Michael Porter in his 1985 best-seller, Competitive 
Advantage: Creating and Sustaining Superior Performance.”
The value chain concept can be applied at various levels of 
activity, such as a worldwide level, an industry-wide level in 
a particular country, or at the level of a particular company 
operating in a speciﬁ c industry. The key links in a value 
chain are those points at which value is added to products. 
Quantitative data are necessary to analyze the amount of 
value added (Source: Wikipedia at value chain, June 2012).
 In the global soybean chain we have identi ﬁ ed four 
major links or points: (1) Soybean production: This is highly 
fragmented, with hundreds of thousands of farmers, both 
large and small, growing soybeans. However some of those 
farmers are organized into groups, often cooperatives (such 
as AGP in the United States).
 (2) Crushing and other soybean processing. Crushing 
soybeans to make crude soy oil and defatted soybean meal is 
the main way that soybeans are processed. However in East 
Asia, whole soybeans are also processed into human foods, 
such as tofu, miso, soymilk, tempeh, etc. Large soybean 
crushers which operate worldwide include Cargill, ADM, 
Bunge, AGP, Sanbra (Brazil), etc. Defatted soybean meal 
is further processed to make animal feeds, soy sauce, etc. 
Crude soy oil is further reﬁ ned to make edible vegetable oil 
biodiesel, etc.
 (3) Transportation / distribution of soybeans and/
or soybean products. Major ﬁ rms (which are vertically 
integrated) include Cargill, ADM, Bunge, Dreyfus, the Noble 
Group of Hong Kong, etc.
 (4) End use / retail: The main end uses for soybeans are: 
From whole soybeans–human foods, often divided into four 
types: (a) Traditional East Asian fermented soyfoods, such 
as miso, tempeh, natto and its relatives. The largest makers 
are miso makers and natto makers in Japan. (b) Traditional 
East Asian non-fermented soyfoods, such as tofu, soymilk, 
edamame, roasted soy ﬂ our, yuba. The largest makers are 
tofu makers and soymilk makers in Japan, Hong Kong, and 
USA. From defatted soybean meal: animal feeds, soy sauce, 
modern Western soy protein ingredients: textured soy ﬂ our / 
textured vegetable protein (TVP in ad ADM trademark), soy 
protein concentrates, textured soy protein concentrates, soy 
protein isolates, and textured soy protein isolates. The largest 
makers of animal feeds are the same as the major soybean 
crushers: Cargill, ADM, Bunge, etc. From crude soybean 
oil: Reﬁ ned soybean oil and biodiesel. The largest reﬁ ners 
of soybean oil are the major soybean crushers. From reﬁ ned 
soybean oil: Edible vegetable oil, salad dressings, margarine, 
etc. Address: Founder and owner, Soyinfo Center, Lafayette, 
California. Phone: 925-283-2991.
999. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2012. Keith Spackler 
named AGP CEO: Succeeds Marty Reagan. No. 3. p. 1.
• Summary: The Board of Directors of AGP made the 
decision. Keith has been Chief Financial Ofﬁ cer (CFO) since 
joining AGP in 1985. Portrait photos show Keith Spackler 
and Marty Reagan.
1000. SoyaScan Notes. 2012. Chronology of major soy-
related events and trends during 2012 (Overview). Dec. 31. 
Compiled by William Shurtleff of Soyinfo Center.
• Summary: May 1–DuPont, which previously owned 72% 
of Solae, acquires full ownership of Solae by purchasing 
Bunge’s portion for $440 million.
 Sept. 1–Keith Spackler replaces Marty Reagan as 
the new CEO and general manager (GM) of AGP (Ag 
Processing Inc a cooperative).
 Dec. 31–During 2012 Soyinfo Center published ten 
major digital books, mostly about fermented soyfoods, on 
Google Books. Each one contains many color photos and is 
free of charge.
1001. Lester, Bill. 2013. Re: On 1 Sept. 2012 Keith Spackler 
replaced Marty Reagan as the new CEO and general 
manager (GM) of AGP (Ag Processing Inc a cooperative). 
Letter (e-mail) to William Shurtleff at Soyinfo Center, March 
16. 1 p.
• Summary: “Keith Spackler replaced Marty Reagan as of 
Sept. 1st 2012, as the new CEO and general manager (GM) 
of AGP, Keith was the CFO of AGP prior to his selection by 
the Board of Directors, and had been with AGP for over 20 
years in different ﬁ nancial capacities. He will do a good job, 
and understands the culture, which is so important, plus he 
is very familiar with the member Managers, and they know 
him. AGP will not miss a skip a beat. I am the source, as I 
have known Keith and his family, ever since he arrived at 
AGP, He is a Missouri boy, graduated from University of 
Missouri, after graduation worked for Clayton brokerage and 
later for FARMARCO, a division of Farmland Industries 
prior to joining AGP. You now have more information then 
you asked for. Good to hear from you. If you want more info 
just let me know. Have a great day, and if you would like a 
copy of the annual report let me know. Bill Lester.” Address: 
1405 S. 118th St., Omaha, Nebraska 68144. Phone: 402-333-
2366.
1002. WhiteWave Foods Co. 2013. WhiteWave spin-off from 
Dean Foods completed: Reduction in the voting rights of 
Class B common stock effective; Stock repurchase program 

=== PAGE 358 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   358
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
authorized. (News release). Broomﬁ eld, CO 80021. 2 p. May 
23. 28 cm.
• Summary: “Broomﬁ eld, Colorado–(Business Wire)–May 
23, 2013–The WhiteWave Foods Company (“WhiteWave”) 
(NYSE: WWA V) today announced that Dean Foods 
Company has completed the distribution to Dean Foods 
stockholders of a portion of its remaining equity interest in 
WhiteWave. After the close of business today, Dean Foods 
distributed an aggregate of 47,686,000 shares of WhiteWave 
Class A common stock and 67,914,000 shares of WhiteWave 
Class B common stock as a pro rata dividend on shares 
of Dean Foods common stock outstanding at the close of 
business on the record date of May 17, 2013.
 Based on the shares of Dean Foods common stock 
outstanding as of May 17, 2013, the record date for the 
distribution, each share of Dean Foods common stock 
received 0.25544448 shares of WhiteWave Class A common 
stock and 0.36380189 shares of WhiteWave Class B 
common stock in the distribution.
 “Fractional shares of WhiteWave Class A common stock 
and WhiteWave Class B common stock were not distributed 
to Dean Foods stockholders. Instead, the fractional shares of 
WhiteWave Class A common stock and WhiteWave Class 
B common stock will be aggregated and sold in the open 
market, with the net proceeds distributed pro rata in the 
form of cash payments to Dean Foods stockholders who 
would otherwise receive WhiteWave fractional shares. The 
spin-off was structured to qualify as a tax-free distribution 
to Dean Foods stockholders for U.S. federal tax purposes. 
Cash received in lieu of fractional shares will, however, be 
taxable. Dean Foods stockholders should consult their tax 
advisors with respect to U.S. federal, state, local and foreign 
tax consequences of the distribution.
 “Effective upon the distribution, the previously 
announced reduction in the voting rights of WhiteWave 
Class B common stock became effective. Each share of 
WhiteWave Class B common stock now is entitled to ten 
votes with respect to the election and removal of WhiteWave 
directors and one vote with respect to all other matters 
submitted to a vote of WhiteWave’s stockholders.
 “’As an independent company, The WhiteWave Foods 
Company is well positioned to grow and create shareholder 
value as a result of strong brand equity in on-trend 
categories,’ said Gregg Engles, WhiteWave Chairman and 
CEO. ‘The spin-off will provide WhiteWave with greater 
ﬂ exibility to build its portfolio of great-tasting, nutritious 
and responsibly-produced products. We look forward to 
our future as an independent company with a clear strategy, 
a leading portfolio of trusted brands and a culture of 
continuous innovation.’
 “WhiteWave Class A common stock currently trades 
on the NYSE under the symbol ‘WWA V’ and, beginning on 
May 24, 2013, WhiteWave Class B common stock will trade 
on the NYSE under the symbol ‘WWA V .B’.
 “Following the distribution, Dean Foods continues to 
own an approximate 19.9% economic interest in WhiteWave, 
which Dean Foods has stated that it expects to dispose of 
within 18 months after the distribution in one or more debt-
for-equity exchanges or other tax-free dispositions.
 “Stock Repurchase Program Authorized: WhiteWave 
also announced today that its Board of Directors has 
authorized a share repurchase program, under which the 
company may repurchase up to $150 million of its common 
stock. The primary purpose of the program will be to offset 
dilution from WhiteWave’s equity compensation plans, but 
the company also may make discretionary, opportunistic 
purchases. Shares may be repurchased under the program 
from time to time in one or more open market or other 
transactions, at the discretion of the company, subject to 
market conditions and other factors. The authorization 
to repurchase shares will end when the company has 
repurchased the maximum amount of shares authorized, 
or the company’s Board of Directors has determined to 
discontinue such repurchases.”
 “About The WhiteWave Foods Company: The 
WhiteWave Foods Company is a leading consumer packaged 
food and beverage company that manufactures, markets, 
distributes, and sells branded plant-based foods and 
beverages, coffee creamers and beverages, and premium 
dairy products throughout North America and Europe. 
WhiteWave is focused on providing consumers with 
innovative, great-tasting food and beverage choices that meet 
their increasing desires for nutritious, ﬂ avorful, convenient, 
and responsibly produced products. WhiteWave’s widely-
recognized, leading brands distributed in North America 
include Silk® plant-based foods and beverages, International 
Delight® and Land O Lakes® coffee creamers and 
beverages, and Horizon Organic® premium dairy products. 
Its popular European brands of plant-based foods and 
beverages include Alpro® and Provamel®.
 “To learn more about WhiteWave, visit http://www.
whitewave.com.”
 Talk with Dave Oldani, Investor Relations, WhiteWave 
Foods Co. 2013. May 28. In Oct. 2012 Dean Foods IPOd 
basically 13% of the company; that 13% was sold publicly 
at the end of October. Dean Foods then retained about 87%. 
They then spun off the other 67% at the end of the day on 
Thursday, May 23, after the market closed. This means they 
distributed those shares of WhiteWave Foods, both class 
A and class B common stock, to Dean Foods shareholders 
of record on that date. It was done on a tax-free basis. So 
on May 24 you would have owned both Dean Foods and 
WhiteWave shares. So if you look at your broker’s account 
now you should see WhiteWave shares of both Class A and 
Class B–and it should show up on your next statement.
 WhiteWave no longer makes tofu. They do make Silk 
soy, almond, and coconut beverages. WhiteWave today is 
composed of two segments and three different platforms. 

=== PAGE 359 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   359
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
The segments are North America, Europe, International. 
In Europe you have Alpro plant-based beverages–which is 
basically Silk. In North America the three platforms are Silk, 
Horizon Organic (Premium Dairy, organic, established in 
1991), and Coffee Creamers and Beverages (International 
Delight and Land O’Lakes (Mini Moo’s creamer singles and 
Land O’Lakes Half & Half)). Address: 12002 Airport Blvd., 
Broomﬁ eld, Colorado 80021. Phone: (313) 635-4000.
1003. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2013. Biodiesel boosts 
Iowa ag income: Study shows beneﬁ ts to crop & livestock 
producers. No. 2. p. 4.
• Summary:  “The renewable fuels industry has grown 
steadily in the past decade. In fact, Iowa leads the nation 
in biodiesel production, accounting for an estimated 17 
percent of all biodiesel output. But if you think biodiesel 
only beneﬁ ts soybean producers at the expense of livestock 
proﬁ tability, it’s time to take a new look.
 “According to a recent study measuring the economic 
impact on Iowa’s agricultural industry, biodiesel gives a 
boost to soybean, corn and livestock farmers alike.
 “The study, ‘Impact of Biodiesel on the Iowa 
Agriculture Economy,’ reports that the increased demand 
for soybean oil and other vegetable oils and fats needed 
for biodiesel production supports higher prices for corn, 
soybeans, soybean and industrial grade corn oil, cattle and 
hogs.
 “It found that without the Iowa biodiesel industry in 
2012:
 “Iowa soybean prices would have been 8.3 percent 
lower.
 “Iowa corn prices would have been 5.4 percent lower.
 “Iowa beef cattle and hog prices would have been 1 
percent lower.
 “’Because raising the crush demand for soybeans also 
increases production of soybean meal, any rise in biodiesel 
use will reduce soybean meal prices to the beneﬁ t of Iowa’s 
livestock producers,’ explained Randy Olson, executive 
director of the Iowa Biodiesel Board.
 “Some Iowa biodiesel producers also utilize a range of 
other feedstocks, including beef tallow and white grease. 
These feedstocks are by-products of the livestock slaughter 
and rendering industry, and add value to livestock as a result. 
In fact by-product values for cattle would have been $12.21 
per head lower than current values without biodiesel.
 “’We know the current environment is challenging for 
the cattle industry both nationally and in Iowa, but livestock 
producers should take comfort in knowing that biodiesel 
production is actually helping their industry,’ said John 
Heisdorffer, a farmer and V olunteer director on the Iowa 
Soybean Association. ‘The bottom line is that biodiesel has a 
net positive impact on cattle prices in Iowa, and beneﬁ ts corn 
and soybean farmers, too.’
 “Cardno ENTRIX conducted the study for the Iowa 
Renewable Fuels Association, the Iowa Soybean Association, 
the Iowa Corn Growers Association and the Iowa Biodiesel 
Board.
 “The Iowa Biodiesel Board is a non-pro ﬁ t trade 
association dedicated to supporting Iowa’s biodiesel industry. 
To see the report and for other information, visit www.
iowabiodiesel.org.”
 A photo shows AGP’s biodiesel plant at Sgt. Bluff, Iowa.
1004. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2013. Biodiesel use in 
Iowa triples over past 2 years. No. 2. p. 4.
• Summary: “According to the data from the Iowa 
Department of Revenue, the amount of biodiesel blended 
into diesel fuel in Iowa has more than tripled over the last 
two years. The report said biodiesel 
made from vegetable oil or animal 
fat is now blended into more than 
42 percent of all diesel fuel sold in 
the state. Over 23 million gallons of 
biodiesel was mixed with diesel fuel 
last year, up from 7.4 million gallons 
in 2010.
 “Ethanol, which is made largely 
from corn and mixed with gasoline, 
was in nearly 82 percent of all 
gasoline sold in Iowa, about the same 
percentage as in 2010.
 “Iowa has 12 biodiesel plants and 
41 ethanol facilities, more than any 
other state in the U.S.”
1005. AGP News (Omaha, 
Nebraska). 2014. Celebrating 15 
years of component premiums: Over 


=== PAGE 360 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   360
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
$40 million in premiums paid by AGP since 1999. No. 4. p. 
1-2.
• Summary:  Since launching the industry’s ﬁ rst value-based 
marketing program for soybeans in Oct. 1999, AGP has paid 
over $40 million in component premiums. “By selecting 
soybean varieties that produce not only top yields but also 
above average oil and protein content, AGP pays premiums 
ranging from 2 to 10 cents above the per bushel price of 
soybeans.” A table shows how it works.
1006. Minneapolis Star-Tribune. 2015. Obituary for Joseph 
C. Givens of Minnesota. Aug. 30.
• Summary: Birth: Aug. 11, 1921, Olmsted County, 
Minnesota, USA.
 Death: Aug. 26, 2015, Hopkins, Hennepin County, 
Minnesota, USA.
 “Givens, Joseph C. 94, of Hopkins, passed away on 
August 26, 2015, surrounded by his loving family. Joe was 
born August 11, 1921, in Chatﬁ eld, MN, to Fanny (Bottum) 
and William Givens. He married Mary Ellen Ackerman 
in 1949; she preceded him in death in 2008. He was also 
preceded in death by three sisters and one brother. He is 
survived by three daughters, Beth, Claire (Andrew Dipper), 
and Ann (Chris Kimmey) and his step-grandchildren, 
Jessamy and Tamlan Dipper.
 “Joe graduated from North ﬁ eld High School in 1939; 
in 1943, he graduated from Carleton College [in Northﬁ eld, 
Minnesota] with honors and distinction in chemistry. In 
1944, while attending the Institute of Paper Chemistry in 
Appleton, Wisconsin, for graduate studies, he was ordered 
to Oak Ridge, Tennessee, to join the Manhattan Project; 
he served the war effort as a physical chemist in the Y12 
Building of the Calutron project, working on the chemical 
extraction of uranium 235 isotopes. After the war, he was 
employed by Crown Iron Works in Minneapolis, to install 
a new soybean processing facility in Dawson, Minnesota 
for the Tri-County Soybean Cooperative Association (now 
Dawson Mills); in 1952, Joe became its General Manager. 
Retiring in 1981, Joe and Mary split the year between homes 
in Edina, Minnesota, and Naples, Florida. He continued to 
consult world-wide on oilseed extraction processes, traveling 
with Mary at his side to India, Burma, Morocco, Europe, 
Hungary, Romania, China and South America.
 “Joe believed in the importance of community 
involvement, serving on the Dawson School Board and as 
Deacon for the Presbyterian Church. He also served on the 
board of the National Soybean Processors Association for 
many years. He held several patents on oilseed processing 
equipment, having designed specialized machinery for 
extraction and de-hulling.
 “A central theme of his life was the love of new 
technology and design, evidenced by his early acquisition of 
a front-wheel drive car and later an electric hybrid; the ﬁ rst 
hula hoops and skateboards for his daughters; the ﬁ rst Mac 
computer; numerous cameras and other gadgets. He loved 
to travel and introduced his family to many an adventure, 
including camping trips in the West and a tour of Europe in 
1968 in a VW van; in retirement, he and Mary traveled in the 
Ramblin’ Rainbow, the motor home he customized for trips 
through the US, Canada and Mexico. A memorial service 
will be held at 2 pm on Saturday, October 24, at Plymouth 
Congregational Church in Minneapolis; visitation one 
hour before the service. Interment at Lakewood Cemetery, 
Minneapolis, Hennepin County, Minnesota.” Source: 
Findagrave.
 Note 1. Joe’s father, William Paul Givens, was born 25 
Feb. 1885 in Ohio. He died on 5 June 1946 in Minneapolis, 
Hennepin Co., Minnesota, and was buried in Oak Hill 
Cemetery, Minneapolis. Joe’s mother, Fannie Crawford 
(Bottum) Givens, was born 5 Dec. 1889 in Faulkton, Faulk 
Co., South Dakota. She died on 15 Aug. 1983 in Saint 
Paul, Ramsey Co., Minnesota, and was buried in Oak Hill 
Cemetery, Minneapolis.
1007. Brown, Wesley. 2015. Stuttgart rice mills make 
top 100 list of U.S. cooperatives (Web article) https://
talkbusiness.net/2015/10/stuttgart-rice-mills-make-top-100-
list-of-u-s-cooperatives/ 2 p. Oct. 8.
• Summary: “As part of USDA’s observance of October as 
National Cooperative Month, USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack 
previewed a USDA report to be released later this month that 
shows cooperatives earned $6.5 billion in net income and 
generated $246.7 billion in total revenue last year.
 “Net income increased 16.5% while revenue rose 0.4% 
from 2013. Co-ops set records for income and revenue in 
2014 for the fourth year in a row. “’The nation’s co-ops are 
essential to the U.S. economy and to rural America,’ Vilsack 
said. ‘The income they generate is reinvested or returned to 
members who spend it in their local communities. USDA is 
proud to continue its support of the cooperative movement.’
 “National Numbers: According to the rankings, CHS 
Inc., a fuel, supply, grain and food cooperative based in 
Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota, is the nation’s largest 
cooperative. It posted $43 billion in revenue in 2014. 
Rounding out the top three ag co-ops are Kansas City-based 
Dairy Farmers of America, with $18 billion in total revenue, 
and Land O’Lakes, headquartered in, St. Paul, Minn., with 
$15 billion in revenue.
 “For co-op revenue by state, Minnesota ranks ﬁ rst, with 
$67.6 billion. Missouri is second at $21.4 billion, and Illinois 
is third at $14.1 billion. The rankings show that 15 of the 
Top 100 agricultural co-ops are based in Iowa, the most of 
any state. Minnesota is home to the second most Top 100 
agricultural co-ops, with 12 headquartered there. Nebraska is 
next with nine, followed by Illinois with six and California 
and Wisconsin, both with ﬁ ve. Indiana, Missouri and Ohio 
each have four Top 100 co-ops, while Kansas is home to 
three.

=== PAGE 361 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   361
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “Nationwide, overall ag co-op employment increased 
0.4% to 191,000 people in 2014. The number of full-time 
co-op employees dipped slightly, 0.4%, while the number of 
part-time employees increased by 2%.
 “The total number of ag cooperatives declined from 
2,186 in 2013 to 2,106 last year, a drop of nearly 4%. Despite 
the decline, co-op memberships grew by 1%, to just under 
2 million. Many farmers and ranchers are members of more 
than one cooperative. In addition to providing supplies and 
marketing services to farmers and ranchers, the nation’s co-
ops provide telecommunications, energy, ﬁ nancial and other 
important services.”
 Riceland Foods Inc., “which had annual revenues of 
$1.32 billion in ﬁ scal 2013, fell from 22nd to 25th on the 
USDA list.”
1008. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2015. Vistive® Gold: 
Pilot program announced. No. 4. p. 6-7. Fall.
• Summary: “Ag Processing Inc (AGP) will participate in 
the 2016 introduction of Monsanto’s Vistive® Gold high 
oleic soybeans.
 “The soybeans were developed with input from leading 
food companies over the last decade and offer an improved 
nutritional proﬁ le with zero trans fats [actually 0.5 grams/
serving versus 1.0 grams/serving in conventional soybean 
oil].
 Note: This variety of soybeans a “is a genetically 
engineered variety of glyphosate-resistant low-linolenic, 
high-oleic soybeans produced by Monsanto” (Source: 
Wikipedia, at Vistive Gold, Oct. 2015).
1009. Wilde, Matthew. 2016. Less is more. Iowa Soybean 
Review (Iowa Soybean Association, Ankeny, Iowa) 28(7):12-
14. Spring.
• Summary: “Agriculture cooperative mergers just make 
cents.
 “No, this isn’t a grammar error. Just a simplistic 
explanation for the consolidation trend of grain and supply 
co-ops in Iowa.
 “Landus Cooperative is the latest.
 “Farmers Cooperative Company of Ames and West 
Central® Cooperative of Ralston ofﬁ cially joined forces 
April 1 to create the seventh largest grain company in North 
America, according to World Grain magazine. Landus has 
more than 70 grain, agronomy and feed locations in Iowa 
and Minnesota and 185 million bushels of storage.
 “Landus Cooperative–a combination of ‘land’ and 
‘us,’ ofﬁ cials said–is based in Ames. CEO Milan Kucerak, 
who formerly led West Central, says the merger of equals 
occurred for the mutual beneﬁ t of members and the long-
term stability of the co-ops.
 “’Ultimately, better service to members drives it,’ 
Kucerak says.
 “The reasons for the merger, he adds, are similar to why 
other cooperatives have done the same thing or purchased 
competitors for decades.
 “+ Improve service to members.
 “+ The ability to hire, develop and retain quality staff.
 “+ Market access.
 “+ Improve ef ﬁ ciency.
 “+ Increase resources and working capital.
 “+ Taking advantage of economies of scale when it 
comes to buying power and volume sales.
 “+ Risk management. ‘This all adds to the bottom 
line and keeps you ﬁ nancially strong,’ Kucerak says. He’s 
convinced the move makes cents for farmer members. A lot 
of cents.
 “Combining strategic resources–West Central’s soybean 
crushing plant is expanding in Ralston and branded dairy 
products, FC’s branded seed, agronomy center and 180-acre 
test farm, shuttle-loading access on all seven major rail lines 
and more trucks to expand marketing opportunities, just to 
name a few–will beneﬁ t farmers, Kucerak says.
 “’I think I can conservatively estimate our soy 
processing facility could offer a value-added beneﬁ t of 15 to 
40 cents per bushel, he says.
 “’By increasing ef ﬁ ciency and eliminating redundancy, 
our estimates show we could save $11 million a year after 
full integration,’ he continues. ‘That will return to members 
in improved facilities, more patronage and talented people.’
 “Landus Cooperative members–more than 7,300–are 
counting on it. More than a super majority (66.7 percent) of 
former West Central and FC members approved the merger, 
including Dave Hiler of Rockwell City.
 “The former FC member raises row crops and has a 
cow-calf herd. He was initially scared of the merger, but 
warmed up to it.
 “’They (staff) talked about the opportunities, greater 
buying power. Hopefully, with West Central’s soybean crush 
plant, our basis and bean bid will go up,’ Hiler says. ‘If we 
can get fertilizer cheaper and other inputs, it will be worth it.’
 “ISA Board member Randy Souder, who farms near 
Rockwell City, was originally a member of the Lake 
City Co-op. That merged with FC, which is now Landus 
Cooperative.
 “He can’t attribute better prices to past mergers, but 
service improved as cash ﬂ ow and capital increased.
 “’There was better equipment, grain dumping and 
drying sped up, more timely fertilizer deliveries and 
anhydrous applicators became more reliable,’ Souder says. 
‘Going forward, I hope service and equipment continues to 
improve.’
 “Consolidation in agriculture, he adds, isn’t exactly a 
new thing.
 “’Get bigger or get swallowed up.’
 “Decades-long decline” The numbers are staggering.
 “There were 710 cooperatives in the state in 1951, 
according to Iowa State University (ISU) Extension and 

=== PAGE 362 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   362
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Outreach statistics. Members united to get products and 
services at competitive prices, gain access to markets that 
they couldn’t on their own and enhance their bargaining 
power.
 “It worked like a charm. Agriculture, despite its cyclical 
nature, ﬂ ourished in Iowa. Practically every town had 
its own, farmer-owned elevator. The majestic facilities, 
with towering silos and feed mills, were the heartbeat of 
communities.
 “They still are, just in a different way. As farms 
evolved and got bigger, so did co-ops. Facilities merged and 
regionalized in order to afford needed grain dumping, drying 
and storage upgrades.
 “’There’s always been this ongoing consolidation, but 
there are periods of increased activity,’ says Keri Jacobs, ISU 
Extension economist and cooperatives expert.
 “By 1980, there were 300 cooperatives. The Farm Crisis 
winnowed the ﬁ eld more, as did the hedge-to-arrive debacle 
in the `90s.
 “Today, there are 54 cooperatives in the state averaging 
10 locations, ISU data shows. Only a handful of single-
location houses still exist.
 “Don Roose, President of U.S. Commodities in West 
Des Moines, experienced the evolution ﬁ rst-hand buying and 
trading grain.
 “’The ability for producers to be more self-suf ﬁ cient and 
push grain in a lot of different areas has tightened the grip 
on smaller co-ops and independents to the point they thought 
from an economic standpoint they needed to merge or sell,’ 
Roose says.
 “While consolidation has helped farmers in many ways, 
there are dangers, Roose adds.
 “’I’m always of the belief that when you have smaller 
numbers, there’s less competition,’ he continues. ‘It may start 
out that it helps the producer, but there’s a tipping point when 
you get almost too big to fail. If there’s no co-op to absorb 
them, the next step is a multi-national corporation.’
 “Jacobs says an ISU Extension research project is 
underway to study if consolidation reduced competition and 
prices paid to farmers.
 “’So far, looking at basis maps and ﬁ rm locations, 
there’s no evidence to suggest that,’ she says. Industry 
analysts expect the consolidation trend to continue. If the 
current rate of doubling in size (locations) every decade 
holds, Jacobs predicts there may be just 25-30 co-ops in 
Iowa in 10 years. Is it a concern? ‘Keep in mind that every 
merger ever passed in Iowa got the go-ahead from two-thirds 
of its members. I would make the case this (trend) has been 
strongly supported by membership,’ says David Holm, Iowa 
Institute of Cooperative executive director. ‘But in every case 
I can ﬁ nd ﬁ ve farmers who say it’s the best thing ever and 
ﬁ ve who wish it never happened.’ The Big Three Financial 
problems rarely cause mergers and acquisitions today like 
in the past, Holm says. Now, the No. 1 reason is the ability 
to hire, develop and retain quality employees, according to 
Holm.
 “’If a smaller company hires a 22-year-old with 
enormous potential, his or her career path is often limited,’ 
he says. ‘Keeping them is a challenge. Everyone else (large 
corporations) wants them too.’
 “Holm says the No. 2 reason is capital needed for 
infrastructure.
 “The growth of Heartland Cooperative allows it to 
attract and keep top talent and rebuild facilities, CEO Tom 
Hauschel says. The West Des Moines based co-op has 5,800 
members and 71 locations, mostly in central Iowa.
 “It recently acquired a facility in Randolph, and spent 
millions to build 3.1 million bushels of storage, a new seed 
warehouse and seed treaters and upgrade grain drying and 
receiving capacity.
 “’These types of (multiple) projects couldn’t be done if 
we were smaller,’ Hauschel says.
 “No. 3 is risk management, Holm says. Size and volume 
allows co-ops to layer purchases and generate sufﬁ cient cash 
ﬂ ow when margins are thin.
 “’Just having the size and scale to absorb tough times,’ 
Holm says.
 “In the end, consolidation is just part of the business.
 “’If your supply chain is consolidating around you,’ 
Holm says. ‘It’s almost inevitable you will react.’”
1010. Mayer, Cal. 2016. AGP & biodiesel: Twenty years 
of success AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska) No. 3. p. 3-4. 
Summer.
• Summary:  See next 3 pages. “In 1996, AGP built the 
nation’s ﬁ rst commercial-scale biodiesel facility at Sergeant 
Bluff, Iowa. The facility has been expanded throughout 
the last two decades and has achieved a strong record of 
performance and innovation. AGP is expanding the facility 
which will nearly double the current production capacity of 
30 million gallons annually and create new jobs and market 
opportunities in the region.
 “When AGP opened the biodiesel plant twenty years 
ago, there was no established industry and an uncertain 
market for methyl ester products. Soybean farmers, through 
their state and national producer associations, had invested 
heavily in research and development for new uses for 
soybean oil including biodiesel. However, no company 
had yet committed to the untested and risky market with a 
commercial-scale investment in a purpose built biodiesel 
plant.
 “The AGP News reported Company ofﬁ cials at the 
time as stating: ‘AGP’s past success allows us to take some 
leadership in this area. We are excited about the emerging 
markets for methyl esters and anticipate growing product 
demand. The more soybean oil we can utilize in industrial 
markets, the better soybean prices will be.’
 “While biodiesel has endured peaks and valleys over the 

=== PAGE 363 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   363
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
past two decades, the visionaries who pioneered commercial-
scale biodiesel production may not have foreseen where the 
industry stands today.
 “Cal Meyer, Chief Operating Of ﬁ cer and Group Vice 
President, cited statistics on the signiﬁ cant market presence 
and impact of biodiesel on the agricultural market sector and 
soy processing industry:
 “Over 5 billion pounds of soybean oil from U.S. 
producers was used in the production of biodiesel in ﬁ scal 
2015, a new record. The biodiesel industry supports over 
67,000 jobs (many in rural communities) and over $17 
billion in economic activity


=== PAGE 364 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   364
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “A positive impact of over 70 cents per bushel for 
soybeans over the past decade resulting from domestic 
biodiesel production and increased demand for soybean oil.
 “Environmental bene ﬁ ts including signiﬁ cant reductions 
in greenhouse gas emissions (GHG).
 “’AGP celebrates its twenty-year anniversary in the 
biodiesel business, it’s exciting to reﬂ ect on our Company’s 
progress in the industry,’ said Meyer. ‘We have had four 
major expansions of the original plant in Sergeant Bluff and 
built a new biodiesel plant in St. Joseph, Missouri. With the 
acquisition of a biodiesel plant in Algona, Iowa [in Sept. 
2011], AGP has made signiﬁ cant investments at that facility 
to increase the quality and capacity of ﬁ nished product.’
 “Extensive research, funding, trial programs, and effort 
preceded AGP’s entry into biodiesel production. Farmers 
themselves were instrumental in helping 
build demand, fueling their farm equipment 
and trucks with biodiesel blends. Member 
cooperatives were key in the early stages of 
biodiesel as well.
 “There is still more opportunity for growth 
in the industry, Meyer explained. ‘We have an 
energy policy, the Renewable Fuel Standard, 
and mandates which have helped soybean 
farmers, rural communities, the environment, 
soybean processors, and renewable fuel 
producers. It has all added up to a success 
story, not without its trials and tribulations. 
Our message to Washington, D.C. is we need 
long-term policy and continued support to keep 
this important industry.’
 “The Early Years of Biodiesel: Kenlon 
Johannes, was the ﬁ rst Executive Director 
of what came to be the National Biodiesel 
Board (NBB) in 1993. He currently is CEO / 
Administrator, Kansas Soybean Association 
and Kansas Soybean Commission, and has been involved in 
the biodiesel business nearly all of his career.
 “Johannes was Executive Director of the Missouri 
Soybean Merchandising Council when the organization 
became interested in opportunities in soy biodiesel in the 
early 1990’s. His interest was heightened by reports from 
some agricultural advisors who urged farmers to begin 
raising more alternative crops such as canola and the oil used 
to make diesel fuel. “’I thought at the time that this made 
no sense,’ said Johannes. ‘We’re swimming in soybean oil 
so why raise another oilseed crop when we have difﬁ culty 
getting rid of the oil we have right now?’ “Normally you 
would have a group of farmers who raise soybeans, get 


=== PAGE 365 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   365
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
together, and form a trade association. But in this case we 
formed a trade association and tried to build an industry 
based on feedstock producers.’
 “He related that a number of groups who could provide 
the funding and leadership to develop the biodiesel industry 
included the United Soybean Board and the American 
Soybean Association. ‘The timing was right as the nation 
had just come out of the 70’s with petroleum oil shortages, 
so we had federal energy policy and then the Clean Air Act 
followed. Biodiesel was a cleaner fuel and I knew it had 
potential. We needed focus and funds to get it all pulled 
together.’
 “Johannes’ experience with biodiesel led to his transition 
to heading up what came to be known as the National 
Biodiesel Board (NBB). ‘I think this is the ﬁ rst time it has 
happened where the farmers created a trade association for 
an industry that didn’t exist,’ said Johannes, talking about the 
formation of the NBB. “’Normally you would have a group 
of farmers who raise soybeans, get together, and form a trade 
association. But in this case we formed a trade association 
and tried to build an industry based on feedstock producers.’
 “Johannes said he had a ﬁ le cabinet outside his NBB 
ofﬁ ce with a ‘Biodiesel Producers’ drawer. ‘That drawer and 
ﬁ le folders were empty until AGP built the ﬁ rst biodiesel 
plant,’ said Johannes. ‘That step was truly visionary. In 
many cases, we don’t give enough credit to those that can 
be deﬁ ned as the visionary leaders in the industry. That 
describes AGP’s role in the development of biodiesel.’ 
‘When we ﬁ rst started, hundreds of thousands of gallons 
was considered a big market and now we’re talking the “13” 
word–billions of gallons,’ said Johannes. ‘The future looks 
bright for this industry which is still growing.’
 Photos: (1) Cover of summer 2016 issue. (2) AGP’s soy 
biodiesel plant at Sergeant Bluff. (3) Kenlon Johannes with 
red truck powered by soy biodiesel. (4) Three big tanker 
trucks at the truck loadout at AGP’s soy biodiesel plant in 
Algona, Iowa.
1011. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2017. AGP Sergeant 
Bluff: soy biodiesel expansion. No. 2. p. 3.
• Summary: “AGP is on schedule for completion of the 
soy biodiesel expansion project at Sergeant Bluff, Iowa, 
this summer. The ground view photo at right shows new 
processing equipment (reactors, acidulators, and methanol 
distillation column). The aerial photo below shows a wider 
view of the expanded biodiesel facility. The areas that 
are visible through the steel will be enclosed during the 
ﬁ nal stages of the expansion project. AGP is doubling the 
production capacity at this facility from 30 million gallons to 
60 million.”
1012. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2017. Breaking 
Ground: new soybean processing plant at Aberdeen, South 
Dakota. No. 2. Front cover and inside front cover.
• Summary: On the inside front cover is a message from 
the CEO, J. Keith Spackler. The cover photo shows the 
beginning (on May 3) of construction of the company’s tenth 
soybean processing plant in Aberdeen, South Dakota.
 “I am pleased to report that the ground breaking for 
the new facility was the result of many months of planning 
and detailed project development work by the AGP team. 
To date, the project is progressing as planned. However, 
much work remains to be accomplished to meet our 
projected commencement of operations, scheduled for the 
fall of 2019.” Lastly, we know there is much uncertainty 
from Washington, DC regarding agricultural and trade 
policy. AGP is actively engaged in that conversation both 
directly and through our involvement and leadership in 
many organizations such as the National Council for Farm 
Cooperatives, the National Oilseed Processors Association, 


=== PAGE 366 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   366
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
the National Biodiesel Board, and many others. As noted 
inside, there are many challenges and opportunities for 
success in Washington, and we must provide input in order to 
be heard.
 “We hope the growing season continues to progress 
well!
 “Best regards,...”
 On the cover a full-page photo shows 11 men dressed 
formally, wearing hardhats, each holding a gold-bladed 
shovel with its tip on the ground.
1013. Little, Kaleb. 2017. Advanced diesel and soy biodiesel 
(Interview). SoyaScan Notes. Oct. 16. Conducted by William 
Shurtleff of Soyinfo Center.
• Summary:   “Advanced biofuel” is a term that originated 
in about 2002 as part of the renewable fuel standard’ it 
is a category within the EPA program that all biodiesel 
qualiﬁ es for. That is based on it having 50% better life cycle 
emissions than petroleum diesel. There is no such thing as 
“advanced biodiesel.” All biodiesel is an advanced biofuel 
because it meets ASTM Standard D6751 for Biodiesel. 
ASTM is the American Society for Testing and Materials. An 
advanced biofuel, under EPA’s renewable fuel standard, must 
reduce greenhouse-gas emissions 50% more than petroleum.
 There are two stand-alone companies that make 
renewable diesel by the hydro-treated process: (1) 
Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (which is also a big biodiesel 
maker) and (2) Diamond Green Diesel. Both are located 
in Louisiana, neither makes petroleum diesel, and both are 
members of the National Biodiesel Board. Their feedstocks 
are generally animal fats and recycled cooking oil–the 
least expensive feedstock available. The ﬁ rst commercial 
renewable diesel was made in about 2010 or 2011 (see 
graph).
 The end price of renewable diesel has to be about the 
same as petroleum diesel–otherwise nobody will buy or use 
it. This is because of the way the market dynamics work for 
diesel fuel. You would think that since it is such a cleaner 
fuel than petroleum diesel, it would sell at a premium price. 
Unfortunately the petroleum markets just don’t work that 
way. Renewable diesel can be mixed at the pump in much 
the same way that biodiesel and petroleum diesel are mixed 
at the pump to make a B5 or a B20 blend (the latter being 
20% biodiesel and 80% petrodiesel).
 AGP does not make renewable diesel. They start by 
crushing soybeans which leads to soybean meal (the more 
valuable product per bushel) and soybean oil (the surplus 
by-product). So AGP built a biodiesel plant right next to 
their soybean crushing plant to be as efﬁ cient as possible and 
the upgrade their soybean oil into a value-added product. 
Likewise, none of the biodiesel manufacturers who start with 
virgin vegetable oil (such as soy oil) as their feedstock, make 
renewable diesel.
 New York City, for example, is always looking for 
ways to meet clean air standards and save fuel costs. But 
there is no reason for the city to chose renewable diesel over 
biodiesel or vice versa. New York now uses B20 biodiesel 
ﬂ eet-wide, in part because it is more readily available. There 


=== PAGE 367 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   367
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
are more than 100 facilities across the country that now make 
biodiesel.
 The companies that make renewable diesel have a 
different group of customers locked in. California is a big 
market for both biodiesel and renewable diesel. Part of that 
demand comes from the low-carbon fuel standard and both 
fuels generate a good amount of credit for that program, 
which is set up so the low “carbon intensity” fuels generate 
more credits. Low carbon intensity refers to low life-cycle 
emissions–based on at least 7 years of data. They could 
decide to use both biodiesel and renewable diesel (for diesel 
engines) and corn ethanol for cars and other nondiesel 
engines. All the different advanced biofuels of different types 
and from different manufacturers compete against each other 
in the marketplace.
 How about a soybean farmer? Would a farmer always 
choose biodiesel since it is made from the soybeans he 
grows? Not necessarily. It is mostly a question of availability 
and price, since the recycled cooking oil was probably made 
from soybean oil and the animal fat was probably made from 
animals who ate soybean meal. Actually, the way the ASTM 
standards are set up, the farmer will not necessarily know 
what advanced biofuel he is buying is made from.
 Does biodiesel increase the cost of running and 
maintaining a ﬂ eet of vehicles? Many years of data 
from many sources that use biodiesel show that from a 
ﬂ eet maintenance standpoint, using biodiesel actually 
saves money–when all costs (maintenance, fuel, etc.) are 
considered. Advantages include higher lubricity, higher 
cetane, cleaner and better burning fuel, reduced emissions, 
less soot. Disadvantages are needing to change fuel ﬁ lters 
more often and slightly higher initial fuel cost. If a ﬂ eet 
manager can save money from a ﬂ eet maintenance point 
of view, why doesn’t every ﬂ eet manager use biodiesel? 
The biggest reason is resistance to change. So NBB at 
manufacturers need more salespeople sitting down with ﬂ eet 
managers and explaining to them that they can have it all 
with biodiesel–cleaner air at lower cost.
 One of the really cool programs NBB has been able to 
do (on and off) during the past 10 year is “ecomechanics 
training.” Targeting the new folks at the tech schools and 
community colleges who are learning how to be a diesel 
technician. NBB established a proactive training program. 
The students learn all about biodiesel, and put this training 
on their personal resumé, and then use this to help them get a 
job.
 From the NBB website: “How is biodiesel made? 
Biodiesel is made through a chemical process called 
transesteriﬁ cation whereby the glycerin is separated from the 
fat or vegetable oil. The process leaves behind two products–
methyl esters (the chemical name for biodiesel) and glycerin 
(a valuable byproduct usually sold to be used in soaps and 
other products).”
 “What makes biodiesel America’s Advanced biofuel? 
Biodiesel is the ﬁ rst fuel commercially produced nationwide 
that meets the U.S. EPA’s deﬁ nition of an Advanced 
Biofuel... Both advanced biofuel and biomass-based diesel 
must meet a life-cycle Green House Gas (GHG) emission-
reduction threshold of 50 percent, and must be manufactured 
from feedstock meeting the deﬁ nition of renewable biomass. 
A fuel’s life-cycle GHG emissions are deﬁ ned as the 
aggregate emissions attributed to all components of fuel 
production and use, including feedstock production and 
distribution, fuel production, delivery, use and signiﬁ cant 
indirect emissions from land use change. The full life-cycle 
emissions level of a particular fuel is measured against a 
baseline fossil fuel in order to determine its GHG emissions 
reduction threshold.
 Note: Kaleb has been on the staff of the National 
Biodiesel Board (NBB) for about 7 years, in 
communications. So he knows the answers to questions. 
He thinks that biodiesel deﬁ nitely has a bright future in the 
USA. Address: Senior Communications Manager, National 
Biodiesel Board, 605 Clark Ave., Jefferson City, Missouri 
65101. Phone: (573) 635-3893.
1014. AGP News (Omaha, Nebraska). 2017. AGP board 
tours Sgt. Bluff facility. No. 3. p. 4. Fall.
• Summary:  See next page. An aerial view of the AGP 
integrated soybean processing facility at Sergeant Bluff, 
Iowa, shows the crushing plant, the oil reﬁ nery, and the 
biodiesel plant.
1015. WISHH. 2019. WISHH: World Initiative for Soy in 
Human Health (Website printout) (Continued–Document part 
III). www.wishh.org 10 p. Retrieved March 14.
• Summary: Continued: (9) “Dec. 12, 2014. ASA/WISHH 
Regional Director–Africa Traveling in Ivory Coast:
 “The American Soybean Association’s World Initiative 
for Soy in Human Health (ASA/WISHH) program’s 
Regional Director-Africa, Josh Neiderman, was in 
Abidjan, Cote d’Ivoire (RCI) this week with the WISHH 
French Speaking Africa consultant Mamadou Bousso for 
discussions with the local government’s bureau that buys 
food for the Ivorian government’s school lunch program. 
The Ivorian government is interested in textured soy ﬂ our as 
a replacement for the canned sardines and other expensive 
protein sources they use currently.
 “WISHH is sending a container with 19 MT of TVP™ 
from ADM, the winning bidder in a recent Quality Samples 
Program (QSP) tender and the team was planning the 
technical training activities to be conducted by personnel 
from the National Soybean Research Laboratory (UIUC). 
The USDA provided the funds for the sample program and 
the preliminary planning trip by Neiderman and Bousso. The 
RCI provides a daily lunch to over half a million children 
each day. Analysts estimate that their need for textured soy 
ﬂ our will approach 1,000 tons.

=== PAGE 368 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   368
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 (10) “Oct. 17, 2014. ASA/WISHH Welcomes New 
Project Ofﬁ cer for Africa to the WISHH Team:
 “Chris Slemp is the Project Of ﬁ cer–Africa for the 
American Soybean Association’s World Initiative for Human 
Health program (ASA/WISHH). Chris provides support 
for WISHH projects in Africa. Before working at WISHH, 
Chris served as an agriculture Peace Corps volunteer in 
Ghana. While serving in the Peace Corps, Chris provided 
agriculture extension services to a group of cashew farmers 
in the Brong Ahafo region of Ghana. His efforts focused on 
improving local farmer capacity through community based 
initiatives centered on business literacy, best management 
practices, and volunteerism. Chris earned his Master’s degree 
in forestry from Southern Illinois University, Carbondale. 
His studies focused on improving community capacity 
for sustainable watershed management in the St. Louis 
[Missouri] Metro East region.”
 (11) “Sept. 26, 2014. ASA/WISHH Executive Director 
Travels to South Africa to Talk Market Development:
 “Jim Hershey, Executive Director of the American 
Soybean Association’s World Initiative for Soy in Human 
Health (ASA/WISHH) program traveled to South Africa this 
week. On Tuesday, he met with a U.S. soy importer Impilo 
Foods who buys defatted soy ﬂ our for blending with local 
corn to make fortiﬁ ed corn-soy blend.
 “Hershey also met with FAS/USDA’s Minister-
Counselor Eric Wenberg to discuss USDA and checkoff-
funded market development programs in Africa. Wenberg 
was excited to learn that ASA/WISHH is opening a sub-
saharan region ofﬁ ce in Ghana. While in South Africa, 
Hershey also participated in the Center for Sustainable 
Livelihoods Soy Symposium. Hershey ends the week with 
a meeting with DuPont Pioneer’s Regional Director–Africa 
Pam Chitenhe.
 (11a) “Sept. 4, 2014. ASA/WISHH Hosts Africa Bakers 
and Business Owners Travel to U.S.”
 “Reprinted from ASA Leader Letter... The American 
Soybean Association’s World Initiative for Soy in Human 
Health (ASA/WISHH) Program Manager-Africa, Erica 
Morrow and Regional Manager–Africa, Josh Neiderman 
traveled to Fargo, North Dakota, last week. Under the United 
States Department of Agriculture’s Market Access Program 
(MAP), ASA/WISHH sponsored nine bakers and business 
owners from Burkina Faso and Cote d’ Ivoire to the Northern 
Crops Institute (NCI) for a Soy in Baking training. During 
the course at NCI, participants learned about incorporating 
U.S. soy ﬂ our into their baked goods. While in Fargo, the 
group visited with Joel Thorsrud of the United Soybean 
Board and members of the North Dakota Soybean Council. 
Additional visits were made to two local farms and a grain 
elevator. Following the visit to North Dakota, the team 
traveled to Minneapolis, Minnesota, this week to meet with 
Pam Schubbe at CHS, Inc.
 Photo: “African Bakers and business owners at Northern 
Crops Institute.”
 (12) “May 2012. WISHH Hosts Feed Training Mission 
for Southern Africans:
 “WISHH organized a training mission to the United 
States for 10 feed manufacturing and poultry company 
representatives from four Southern African countries on 
March 5-9. The effort is part of WISHH’s work with the U.S. 
Agency for International Development (USAID) Southern 
Africa Trade Hub (SATH).
 “For the ﬁ rst time, participants received U.S. feed mill 
training because WISHH understand the importance of 
hands-on learning and the impact of seeing state-of-the-art 
feed manufacturing and laboratory facilities.
 “The participating companies account for 90% of 


=== PAGE 369 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   369
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
commercial poultry and feed producers in the Southern 
Africa area, according to SATH, and were from: Malawi, 
Namibia, South Africa and Zambia.
 “WISHH started the trip in Washington, D.C. 
where participants met with the American Feed Industry 
Association and the Center for Veterinary Medicine at 
the Food and Drug Administration. They then traveled to 
Kansas State University’s International Grains Program 
facility for a one-week training on feed manufacturing. 
In addition to tours of local facilities and laboratories, 
presentations included feed mill design, management, use 
and maintenance.
 “’The course covered a wide spectrum of very important 
subjects, and the diversity in the group attending the course 
insured an insight into a very wide range of topics. The 
course presenters were very helpful in answering questions, 
and the visits to the factories were impressive,’ said Cillié 
Taljaard of Extru Feeds in South Africa. ‘I am currently 
involved in the extrusion of soy and maize, and therefore I 
found the extrusion part of the course most interesting and 
relevant to my daily business. The energy-saving techniques 
were also something that I could apply to my current daily 
manufacturing processes.’
 “In addition to the planned presentations and tour 
visits, WISHH arranged additional tours of the Kansas State 
University dairy, sheep and goat units at the request of the 
participants.
 “USAID’s Southern Africa Trade Hub (SATH) works to 
increase international competitiveness, intra-regional trade, 
and food security in the Southern African Development 
Community (SADC) region. SATH delivers targeted 
technical assistance to governments, the private sector, and 
civil society organizations in support of advancing regional 
integration and increasing the trade capacity of selected 
value chains within Southern Africa.
 “During a tour of the feed manufacturing operations of 
Midwest Ag Services in Seneca, Kansas, participants learned 
about manufacturing various soy-based feed products. This 
knowledge could potentially aid the Southern Africans 
by increasing the number of products manufactured for 
customers or the types of feed they use in their poultry 
operations.
 “During a tour of the feed manufacturing operations of 
Midwest Ag Services in Seneca, Kansas, participants learned 
about manufacturing various soy-based feed products. This 
knowledge could potentially aid the Southern Africans 
by increasing the number of products manufactured for 
customers or the types of feed they use in their poultry 
operations.”
 (12) April 2012. Soy packs protein power!:
 “April was National Soyfoods Month and the National 
Soybean Research Laboratory (NSRL) at the University 
of Illinois encouraged everyone to explore new ways to 
incorporate healthy soyfoods into their daily diets. Soyfoods 
are an easy way to enhance protein and provide a convenient 
alternative that lowers the saturated fat and cholesterol in 
many recipes.
 “WISHH works year round with food manufacturers, 
livestock producers and aquaculture farms to increase the use 
of U.S. soy protein to improve the health and well-being of 
the world’s protein deﬁ cient.
 “Soy’s biggest nutritional claim to fame is the fact that 
it is a complete protein, one of the only plant proteins that 
contains all nine essential amino acids that our bodies need 
to function properly. A ½ cup of cooked soybeans supplies 
about 1/3 of a person’s necessary daily protein. That protein 
is incredibly ﬁ lling. Plus, soybeans are cholesterol-free, 
low in saturated fat, and provide important Omega-3 and 
Omega-6 fatty acids. Soybeans are also a great source of 
ﬁ ber and are rich in vitamins, minerals and antioxidants. A 
single glass of soymilk contains over 6 grams of protein and 
is lactose free.
 “Soy offers many health bene ﬁ ts and that is positively 
impacting the popularity and use of soy. Eating soy may 
also help in the prevention of certain illnesses such as heart 
disease, kidney disease, cancers, osteoporosis and diabetes. 
Soy foods are an excellent choice for weight management as 
protein helps delay feelings of hunger.
 “The history of soybeans has its roots in China as early 
as the 11th Century and it is known as one of the ﬁ rst crops 
grown by man. The ﬁ rst soybean plants came to North 
America in 1765 and as they say, the rest is history. Today, 
3.06 billion bushels of soybeans are produced in the U.S. and 
they take on many forms after harvest and processing. Some 
examples include soy meal, soy ﬂ our, soymilk, tofu, textured 
soy protein and soy oil.
 “Learn more at: www.soyfoodsmonth.org”
1016. National Oilseed Processors Association (NOPA). 
2019. Members (Website printout–part). www.nopa.org/
about-us/members/ Retrieved April 30.
• Summary: 
 “Ag Processing Inc.
 “Archer Daniels Midland Company
 “Bunge North America, Inc.
 “Cargill, Inc.
 “CHS Inc.
 “Consolidated Grain & Barge Company
 “Express Grain Terminals, LLC
 “Incobrasa Industries, Ltd.
 “Louis Dreyfus Company LLC
 “Owensboro Grain Company, LLC
 “Perdue Grain and Oilseed, LLC
 “Riceland Foods, Inc.
 “Zeeland Farm Soya.”
 “Associate Members:
 “Commodity Specialists Company
 “Feed Energy Company

=== PAGE 370 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   370
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
 “J.M. Smucker Company
 “Land O’Lakes Feed
 “Pilgrim’s
 “Smith ﬁ eld Foods Inc.
 “Tyson Foods, Inc.
 “U.S. Commodities, LLC” 
 Address: 1300 L Street, NW, Suite 1020, Washington, 
DC 20005. Phone: 202.842.9126.
1017. Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. 2020. Ralston Purina 
(Web article). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ralston_Purina 2 
p. Retrieved Sept. 1.
• Summary: “For the Ralston portion of the now defunct 
Ralston Purina Company, see Ralcorp.
 “Ralston Purina Company was a St. Louis, Missouri-
based American animal feed, food and pet food company. 
On December 12, 2001, it merged with Swiss food-giant 
Nestlé’s Friskies division to form Nestlé Purina PetCare 
Company. [1]
 “History: Ralston Purina (originally Ralston-Purina) 
traces its roots to 1894, when founder William H. Danforth 
established the animal feed company Purina Mills. Danforth, 
formed a partnership with George Robinson; William 
Andrews, entered the business of feeding farm animals by 
founding the Robinson-Danforth Commission Company. Its 
predominant brand for each animal was generally referred to 
as ‘Chow’; hence ‘Purina Horse Chow’, ‘Purina Dog Chow’, 
‘Purina Cat Chow’, ‘Purina Rabbit Chow’, ‘Purina Pig 
Chow’, and ‘Purina Monkey Chow’.
 “Later, the company began producing cereal, which 
received endorsement by Webster Edgerly, founder of 
Ralstonism, to market Ralston breakfast cereals. Edgerly 
was at the time promoting the consumption of whole-grain 
cereal. These cereals became so successful that the name of 
the enterprise was changed in 1902 to the Ralston-Purina 
Company. [2] [3]
 “In 1986, Ralston Purina sold Purina Mills, its US 
animal feed business, to British Petroleum. Purina Mills is 
now owned by Land O’Lakes. In 1994, the Ralston “human 
food” operations of the Ralston Purina Company were spun 
off into a new company called Ralcorp Holdings. In 1998, 
Ralston Purina spun off its international animal feed business 
as Agribrands, which was acquired by Cargill in 2001. [4] 
The animal feed businesses continue to use the Purina and 
Chow brands, which Purina Mills and Cargill license for use 
in the US and internationally, respectively.
 “Merger with Nestlé: Ralston Purina became the subject 
of an acquisition bid by Swiss-based Nestlé, whose Friskies 
brand was the other leading US brand of pet food. Nestlé 
S.A. and Ralston Purina announced in January 2001 a 
deﬁ nitive merger agreement. [5] Under the agreement, Nestlé 
acquired all of Ralston Purina’s (NYSE: RAL) outstanding 
shares for US$33.50 per share in cash. The offer represented 
a premium of 36% over the closing price on Friday, January 
12, 2001. The transaction had an enterprise value of US$10.3 
billion ($10.0 billion equity plus $1.2 billion of net debt, 
minus $0.9 billion of ﬁ nancial investments).
 “Both corporations saw this major strategic transaction 
as the ideal way to beneﬁ t from their combined know-how, 
complementary strengths, and international presence in the 
growing pet-care market. [citation needed] Several brands of 
pet food (e.g., “Meow Mix”) had to be divested separately 
to meet antitrust concerns. Purina brands are now made and 
marketed by a division of Nestlé (Nestlé Purina PetCare) 
which is still headquartered in St. Louis.
 “While primarily a pet-food company, Ralston Purina 
also made some other pet-related products, such as Tidy 
Cats brand and Yesterday’s News cat litter, which is made 
from recycled newspaper, purchased from Edward Lowe 
Industries in 1990. Also, Purina has honoured several 


=== PAGE 371 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   371
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Canadian animals every year since 1968 in their Animal Hall 
of Fame. The latest inductees included a police service dog 
which “rushed and subdued an armed robber”.
 “Acquisitions and diversi ﬁ cations: In 1977, Ralston 
Purina acquired Missouri Arena Corporation and the St. 
Louis Blues National Hockey League franchise. During the 
company’s ownership of the team, they changed the name 
of the St. Louis Arena to the Checkerdome, reﬂ ecting the 
Ralston Purina logo. The franchise was sold to Harry Ornest 
on July 27, 1983.
 “Ralston Purina purchased the Eveready Battery 
Company in 1986, owner of the Eveready and Energizer 
brands. The company was spun off in 2000.
 “Ralston Purina purchased Continental Baking 
Company, makers of Wonder bread and Hostess cakes, from 
ITT in 1984. Ralston spun off Continental Baking Company, 
subsequently bought by Interstate Brands Corporation (IBC) 
of Irving, Texas.
 “Ralston Purina opened test market pizza stores called 
Checkerboard Pizza in 1986. The format was similar to 
Domino’s and Little Caesars. They opened the stores in 
markets such as Moorhead, Minnesota, to test how the 
Midwestern market would accept the concept. They did well, 
but Ralston Purina decided not to enter the pizza franchise 
business and closed all pilots by late 1987.
 “Ralston Purina owned and further developed the 
Keystone ski resort in Colorado. “Checkerboard Flats” for 
kids and beginners at Keystone [6] still bears their logo. In 
1993, Ralston Purina also bought Breckenridge ski area for 
an undisclosed amount, from Victoria U.S.A. Inc, a Japanese 
sporting goods retailer. [7]. However, both ski resorts were 
sold in 1997 to Vail Resorts for $331 million. [8]
 “Ralston Purina also owned Jack in the Box fast food 
restaurants from 1968 to 1985, [9] along with several high-
end restaurants. [10] [11]
 “Ralston Purina owned Van Camp Sea Food Company 
from 1963 to 1988, a tuna cannery with Chicken of the Sea 
as its main product. [12]
 “Ralston Purina owned an animal pharmaceutical 
company in the 1970s and 1980s.
 “Logo: Ralston Purina’s ‘checkerboard’ trademark was 
introduced in 1902. [13] [14] [15] It was inspired by William 
Danforth’s childhood memory of a family dressed in clothing 
made from the same bolt of checkerboard cloth. [16] The 
company’s headquarters was called Checkerboard Square. 
Danforth used the design as the visualization of a concept put 
forth in his book I Dare You, in which he proposed that four 
key components in life (‘Physical’, ‘Mental’, ‘Social’, and 
‘Religious’) need to be in balance, and one area was not to 
develop at the expense of the others. [17] In 1921, the design 
inspired the design of feed that was pressed in cubes, called 
‘checkers’. [18]
 See also:
 “Louisville sewer explosions
 “Ralcorp
 “Purina Mills
 “References:” There are 18 references.
 “External Links:” There are 8
1018. Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. 2020. Ralcorp (Web 
article). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ralcorp 2 p. Retrieved 
Sept. 1.
• Summary:  “Ralcorp Holdings is a manufacturer of various 
food products, including breakfast cereal, cookies, crackers, 
chocolate, snack foods, mayonnaise, pasta, and peanut butter. 
The company is based in St. Louis, Missouri. The majority 
of the items Ralcorp makes are private-label, store-brand 
products. It has over 9,000 employees. [1] Ralcorp has its 
headquarters in the Bank of America Plaza in downtown St. 
Louis. [2]
 “Native name: TreeHouse Private Brands, Inc.
 “Type: Subsidiary of TreeHouse Foods
 “Industry: Food production
 “Founded 1994; 26 years ago in St. Louis, Missouri 
(spun off from Ralston Purina).
 “History and description: Originally part of Ralston 
Purina, the Ralston name was more associated with food 
for humans; soda crackers and a farina cereal, among other 
products, were marketed under this name. Ralcorp can trace 
its ancestry to 1898 when William H. Danforth of Purina 
Mills, which made animal feeds, began making breakfast 
cereal. He sought and received the endorsement of Webster 
Edgerly (Dr. Ralston) who founded the Ralstonism social 
movement. [3] Ralston cereal became so successful that 
Purina Mills was renamed Ralston Purina in 1902. [4] 
Ralston Purina also for many years produced the familiar 
line of Chex and Cookie Crisp cold breakfast cereals. The 
animal and human food businesses were seemingly only 
tenuously related. In 1994, the human food business was 
spun off to Ralcorp Holdings, operating as Ralston Foods, 
which then sold its branded breakfast cereal lineup to 
General Mills and its Continental Baking division (Wonder 
Bread and Twinkies) to Interstate Bakeries. The Purina part 
of the company is now split. The pet-food company sold to 
Nestlé is now called Nestlé Purina PetCare. The livestock-
feed company is called Purina Mills, LLC, and is a unit of 
Land O’Lakes. Ralcorp manufactures many store-brand 
foods that are sold in grocery outlets across the United States 
under the retailers’ private labels. In late 2007, Ralcorp 
signed an agreement with Kraft Foods to acquire the Post 
Cereals brands, thus returning to the major-branded cereal 
business. The acquisition was completed August 4, 2008. [5] 
Another brand name product Ralcorp makes and markets is 
Ry-Krisp crisp bread.
 “Purchase by ConAgra: In 2011, Ralcorp received an 
offer for the company from ConAgra Foods. Ralcorp resisted 
the attempt. Ralcorp also announced it was spinning off its 
Post Foods unit. [6] The spinoff was completed in 2012. 

=== PAGE 372 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   372
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
[7] On November 27, 2012, ConAgra ofﬁ cials announced 
they were purchasing Ralcorp, pending Ralcorp shareholder 
approval, for about $4.95 billion. Stockholders of Ralcorp 
Holdings Inc. would receive $90 per share. The acquisition 
was completed in January 2013. [8] As a result, ConAgra 
is the largest private-label packaged food business in the 
United States. [9]
 “Purchase by TreeHouse Foods, Inc: Feb. 1, 2016 
TreeHouse Foods announced that it completed the 
acquisition of ConAgra Foods’ private brands operations. 
“TreeHouse paid $2.7 billion in cash plus transaction 
expenses for the business and ﬁ nanced the transaction 
through the closing of 
its previously announced 
offerings of $775 million 
in aggregate principal 
senior notes due 2024 with 
a 6.0% annual interest 
rate and common stock 
issuance of 13.3 million 
shares at a price of $65 
per share (which includes 
the exercise, in full, of 
the overallotment option), 
aggregating $862.5 million 
in gross proceeds. The 
remainder of the purchase 
price was ﬁ nanced under 
the Company’s revolving 
credit facility.” [10] The 
rumor of the deal was 
ﬁ rst broke in October 
2015. According to a 
FoodProcessing.com 
article from 10/23/2015: 
“TreeHouse Foods is 
rumored to be in advanced 
talks to purchase the 
Ralcorp business from 
ConAgra Foods in a deal 
valued at $2.5 to $2.7 
billion, according to a 
report from Reuters.” This 
was a huge loss from the 
$5.1 Billion ConAgra 
paid for Ralcorp two years 
earlier. [11]”
 Subsidiaries: Many. 
References: 23.
1019. Chris Schaffer to 
succeed Keith Spackler as 
AGP CEO (Web article) 
2021. https://www.agp.
com/press_release/chris-schaffer-to-succeed-keith-spackler-
as-agp-ceo/ 2 p. June 21.
• Summary: “Omaha, Nebraska (June 21, 2021)–The Board 
of Directors of Ag Processing Inc a cooperative (‘AGP’ or 
the ‘Company’) today announced that it has named Chris 
Schaffer as its Chief Executive Ofﬁ cer and General Manager 
effective August 1, 2021. Schaffer, who currently serves as 
AGP’s Senior Vice President of Ag Products, will succeed 
current CEO Keith Spackler who earlier this year announced 
his plans to retire.
 “’Chris Schaffer is an outstanding leader with a 
track record of success in growing commodity markets, 


=== PAGE 373 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   373
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
adapting to evolution in agriculture, and achieving strong 
returns,’ said Lowell Wilson, Chairman of the AGP Board 
of Directors. ‘His knowledge of AGP, the cooperative 
system, and agricultural markets will serve him well as the 
Company continues its mission to add value and returns for 
our members and their producer-owners. We are conﬁ dent 
that under Chris’ leadership, AGP will continue to achieve 
growth initiatives and pursue opportunities to further serve 
agriculture and the cooperative system.
 “’AGP has a long-standing history of success, and 
we look forward to building on the existing strengths, 
while creating and capitalizing on new opportunities,’ 
said Schaffer. ‘Working with the many exceptional people 
in achieving success at AGP is a tremendous honor and 
privilege, and I look forward to working with the Board, 
management team, and employees in continuing the growth, 
development, and success of this cooperative. I am proud 
to be a part of the cooperative system dedicated to serving 
agriculture.’
 “Schaffer’s career spans over 27 years in agribusiness. 
He joined AGP in 1994 as a merchandiser and served at 
AGP’s corporate headquarters as well as the Sheldon and 
Eagle Grove, Iowa facilities. From 1997-1999, Schaffer 
worked for the U.S. Feed Grains Council as Manager of 
International Operations, traveling to various countries 
promoting trade opportunities. In 1999, Schaffer rejoined 
AGP specializing in trading various commodities both 
domestically and internationally. He was promoted to Vice 
President of AGP’s Ag Products division in 2012 and named 
Senior Vice President of Ag Products in 2017. He currently 
serves on the Boards of the National Oilseeds Processors 
Association and the National Grain and Feed Association.
 “A native of Lake City, Iowa, Schaffer grew up on a 
corn and soybean farm. He holds a Bachelor of Science 
degree in Agricultural Economics from Iowa State 
University.
 “Chris and his wife Lisa reside in Waterloo, Nebraska. 
AGP (www.agp.com) is a leading agribusiness with primary 
operations as a major U.S. soybean processor/reﬁ ner 
producing and marketing soybean meal, reﬁ ned soybean 
oil, and biodiesel. AGP businesses also include agricultural 
product trading in domestic and international markets and 
numerous U.S. grain elevator operations. With ﬁ scal 2020 
annual sales of over $4 billion, AGP is one of the nation’s 
largest cooperatives, and is owned by 149 local and regional 
cooperatives representing over 200,000 farmer-producers 
across the United States. Corporate headquarters are in 
Omaha, Nebraska
 “Contact: Matt Caswell, VP Member/Corporate 
Relations and Government Affairs (402) 498-2279 
mcaswell@agp.com.”
1020. Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. 2021. Riceland 
Foods (Web article). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riceland_
Foods 4 p. Retrieved Nov. 22.
• Summary:  “Riceland Foods, Inc. is a farmer-owned [1] 
agricultural marketing cooperative and the world’s largest 
miller and marketer of rice. The company was founded in 
1921 with headquarters in Stuttgart, Arkansas. Riceland 
owns and operates seven rice mills, including the largest 
rice mill in the world, located in Jonesboro, Arkansas. More 
than two-thirds of Riceland’s business is delivering, milling, 
storing, marketing and distributing rice. [2]”
 “Riceland is also a major soybean processor in the 
Mississippi Delta region of the United States where milling, 
pressing, packaging and distribution occurs. It reﬁ nes 
soybean and other vegetable oils for food service and food 
manufacturing companies. Soybean meal products are sold 
primarily to the poultry and catﬁ sh industries.
 “Each year, more than 1,500 employees receive, store, 
transport, process, and market more than 125 million 
total bushels of grain produced by its 5,500 farmer/owner 
members in Arkansas and Missouri.”
 “Riceland is a cooperative owned by 5,500 family 
farmer members who are also stockholders and growers.”
 From sidebar at top right:
 “Type: Agricultural marketing cooperative
 “Industry: Agriculture.
 “Founded: 1921
 “Revenue: $1 billion annually [peak was 2013 with 
$1.32 billion]
 “Members: 5,500
 “Number of employees: 1,500
 Website: www.riceland.com
 “Headquarters: Stuttgart, Arkansas, United States.”
1021. Ag Processing Inc. (AGP). 2021. Ag Processing Inc. 
(AGP). (Website printout–part). www.agp.com Retrieved 
Nov. 24.
• Summary:  “Overview: AGP is a leading U.S. agribusiness 
with primary operations as a soybean processor/reﬁ ner 
producing and marketing soybean meal, reﬁ ned soybean 
oil, and biodiesel. Since its formation in 1983, AGP has 
grown in size, scope, and reputation–both in the U.S. and 
internationally. Today, our owners include local and regional 
cooperatives representing approximately 200,000 farmers 
throughout the U.S. We operate ten soybean processing 
plants in Iowa, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, and South 
Dakota, as well as four soybean oil reﬁ neries, and three 


=== PAGE 374 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   374
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
biodiesel production facilities. In addition to our commodity-
based products, AGP produces and markets AminoPlus®, a 
high-performance soy bypass protein product for the dairy 
industry.
 “’Partners in Food Production’ illustrates AGP’s 
longtime commitment to working in collaboration with 
stockholders and stakeholders, including our loyal 
employees. Together, our export programs link farmers to 
markets around the world.
 About Us: “A History of Adding Value: The history 
of AGP began in 1983, when Land O’Lakes, Boone 
Valley Cooperative Processing Association, and Farmland 
Industries combined their soybean processing assets into 
a single company. Organized as an Iowa cooperative, the 
new company was named Ag Processing Inc a cooperative 
(AGP). Over 35 years later, AGP is a growing and successful 
agribusiness that employs approximately 1,100 people and 
markets U.S. agricultural products around the world.
 “200.000 farmers represented by cooperatives 
throughout the U.S.
 “20,000+ acres of soybeans processed each day
 “150+ agricultural cooperatives and farmer-owners.
 “Our Member Cooperatives: As a member-owned 
cooperative, our primary mission is to serve cooperatives 
and agricultural producers. The earnings that AGP generates 
and distributes annually as patronage enhance returns for 
cooperative members and their producer-owners.”
 “Our Businesses: Soybean processing is AGP’s primary 
business. AGP operates ten soybean processing plants across 
the Midwest, positioning AGP as the fourth-largest soybean 
processor in the U.S. and the largest soybean processor west 
of the Mississippi River.
 “AGP’s soybean processing plants are located in ﬁ ve 
Midwestern states:
 “Iowa (Eagle Grove, Emmetsburg, Manning, Mason 
City, Sergeant Bluff, Sheldon)
 “Minnesota (Dawson)
 “Missouri (St. Joseph)
 “Nebraska (Hastings)
 “South Dakota (Aberdeen)
 “Soybeans are processed into two primary products: 
soybean meal, which is used as animal feed, and crude 
soybean oil, which is further processed for the food sector 
and industrial uses, including biofuels.
 “Reﬁ  ned oils: AGP is a leading producer of reﬁ ned 
vegetable oils in the U.S. AGP operates four reﬁ neries:
 “Eagle Grove, Iowa
 “Sergeant Bluff, Iowa
 “Hastings, Nebraska
 “St. Joseph, Missouri
 “Domestically, the food industry remains the largest 
market for edible soybean oil. AGP has a strong, diversiﬁ ed 


=== PAGE 375 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   375
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
customer base that operates in many different sectors, 
including food service, food manufacturing, packaged 
products, consumer retail, renewable fuels production, and 
industrial uses.
 “Renewable Fuels/Industrial Products: AGP’s 
commitment to the biodiesel industry dates back more 
than two decades with its pioneering efforts to develop 
a new market for soybean oil. The cooperative built the 
ﬁ rst commercial-scale U.S. soy biodiesel plant in 1996 in 
Sergeant Bluff, Iowa.
 “AGP’s commitment to biofuels has remained strong 
through the challenges and successes over the years. AGP’s 
operations today consist of three biodiesel production plants 
(Algona and Sergeant Bluff, Iowa, and St. Joseph, Missouri) 
with a combined annual capacity of 175 million gallons. 
Biodiesel production adds value and is a key component of 
the cooperative’s integrated business strategy.
 “As a leading advocate for the establishment of industry 
quality standards, AGP continues to produce the highest 
quality biodiesel product available, receiving BQ-9000 
certiﬁ cation of its biodiesel production.
 “Ag Products: The Ag Products Group is comprised 
of AGP’s export, centralized rail, and grain merchandising 
businesses, and works closely with the Soy Processing 
Group.
 “Export: AGP has an experienced team of professionals 
involved in agricultural commodity marketing. The Ag 
Products Group markets soybean meal and other agricultural 
commodities domestically, as well as to numerous countries 
by way of bulk vessel, container, barge, and/or railcar.
 “AGP offers a complete line of grains and processed 
commodities including: Soybean meal, Soybean hulls, 
AminoPlus®, Distillers dried grains, Wheat, Corn, Soybeans.
 “Grain: Grain merchandising businesses are part of the 
Ag Products Group. AGP operates terminal and country 
elevators that enhance the scope of AGP’s overall marketing 
programs. AGP’s grain operations and origination include 
an established regional presence in the Midwest, while 
merchandising grains on a regional, national, and global 
basis.”
 A color map shows the location of all AGP’s plants.
 Soy Processing Plant
 Soybean Oil Re ﬁ nery
 Soy Biodiesel Plant
 AminoPlus
 Export Terminal
 Grain Location
 Corporate Ofﬁ  ce
 “Contact us: Toll Free: 800-247-1345.
 “Corporate Address: 12700 West Dodge Rd. Omaha, NE 
68154.” Address: Omaha, Nebraska.
1022. Lester, Bill. 2021. Update since 2008 of AGP–Ag 
Processing Inc a cooperative (Interview). SoyaScan Notes. 
Feb. 16. Conducted by William Shurtleff of Soyinfo Center.
• Summary: AGP has succeeded greatly since 2008. “I 
believe the merger that created AGP on 31 Aug. 1983 is the 
greatest business transaction that has ever been accomplished 
in the cooperative system.”
 AGP has added plants, so that they now have eleven that 
are crushing soybeans. They have 3 plants that are making 
biodiesel (at Algona and Sergeant Bluff in Iowa, and St. 
Joseph, Missouri). The just added two solvent extraction 
plants crushing soybeans (side by side) in Hastings, 
Nebraska. They have added Emmetsburg, Iowa; Aberdeen, 
South Dakota (25 miles from the North Dakota border).
 Most of what has happened in the world of cooperative 
soybean processing has happened to AGP. “We’re pretty 
much the only one left in soybean solvent extraction. Two 
small-scale cooperatives are at Ralston, Iowa (a small 
expeller plant) and one in West Bend, Iowa (a small expeller 
plant that started in the 1940s).
 AGP is still well managed and giving good patronage to 
the farmers who own it. “In the last 35 years, AGP has paid 
back to its members in cash $1.1 billion! This past year AGP 
will be returning to its members about $0.50 per bushel. 
They also return a patronage on meal and on soybean hulls to 
the members.” They remove the to get the protein content up 
to 44%. The hulls end up in livestock feed. “Soybean hulls 
trade in the range of $40 to $50 a ton.”
 As of Aug. 1, AGP got a new CEO and General manager 
named Chris Schaffer (pronounced SHAY-fur), who 
succeeded Keith Spackler.
 AGP is the largest farmer-owned soybean processor in 
the world, and roughly the fourth-largest soybean processor 
in the US based on capacity. It purchases and processes 
more than 5.5 million acres of members’ soybeans per year–
according to Dun & Bradstreet.
 AGP still sends out printed annual reports.
 China continues to export a lot of soybeans from the 
USA since Brazil and Argentina can’t take care of all of 
China’s needs.
 China now owns Smithﬁ  eld Foods; the company was 
actually purchased in 2013 by WH Group, formerly known 
as Shuanghui International, for $4.7 billion. Address: 
Omaha, Nebraska.
An asterisk (*) at the end of the record means that SOYINFO 
CENTER does not own that document. A plus after eng 
(eng+) means that SOYINFO CENTER has done a partial 
or complete translation into English of that document. An 
asterisk in a listing of number of references [23* ref] means 
that most of  these references are not about soybeans or 
soyfoods.

=== PAGE 376 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   376
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
SUBJECT/GEOGRAPHICAL INDEX BY RECORD 
NUMBERS
Aarhus Oliefabrik (Aarhus, Denmark) 855, 856
Aburagé. See Tofu, Fried
Adhesives, Asphalt Sealants and Preservation Agents, Caulking 
Compounds, Artiﬁ cial Leather, Foam, Polyols, and Other Minor or 
General–Industrial Uses of Soy Oil as a Drying Oil 316, 359
Adhesives or Glues for Plywood, Other Woods, Wallpaper, Building 
Materials, Etc.–Industrial Uses of Soy Proteins (Including Soy 
Flour) 74, 113, 190, 316, 630, 663, 740, 866
Adjuvants, Carriers, and Surfactants for Pesticides, Herbicides, and 
Other Agricultural Chemicals–Industrial Uses of Soy Oil as a Non-
Drying Oil 704, 726, 736, 749, 763, 767, 776, 788, 790, 796, 807, 
821, 835, 846, 849, 929, 952, 967, 1021
ADM. See Archer Daniels Midland Co.
ADM Agri-Industries Ltd. (Windsor, Ontario, Canada). Formerly 
named Maple Leaf Monarch, and before that Maple Leaf Mills Ltd. 
(Including Maple Leaf Milling). Toronto Elevators Ltd. Merged 
with Maple Leaf Milling in 1962 162, 380, 484, 532, 536, 608, 709, 
816, 818, 845, 910
Adventists, Seventh-day. See Seventh-day Adventists
Africa–Angola 983
Africa–Botswana (Bechuanaland until 1966) 983
Africa–Burkina Faso (Upper V olta before 4 Aug. 1984) 983
Africa–Congo (formerly Zaire). Ofﬁ cially Democratic Republic of 
the Congo (DRC or DR Congo). Also known as Congo-Kinshasa. 
Named Zaire from Oct. 1971 to May 1997. Named Congo Free 
State from 1855-1908, Belgian Congo (Congo Belge in French) 
from 1908-1960, Republic of the Congo from 1960 to 1964, then 
Democratic Republic of the Congo from 1964-1971 983
Africa–Cote d’Ivoire (Ivory Coast until Oct. 1985; Part of French 
West Africa from 1895-1959) 983
Africa–Egypt. Named United Arab Republic (UAR) from 1958-
1971 316, 330, 928
Africa–Ethiopia (Including Eritrea in Ethiopia PDR from 1952 to 
May 1993. Formerly Part of Italian East Africa) 307, 308, 906, 983
Africa (General) 627, 666
Africa–Ghana (Gold Coast before 1957) 983, 1015
Africa–Kenya (British East Africa Protectorate from 1895. 
Renamed Kenya Protectorate in 1920) 983
Africa–Malawi (Nyasaland from 1891-1964) 983, 1015
Africa–Mozambique (Moçambique; Portuguese East Africa before 
1975) 983
Africa–Namibia (German South-West Africa from 1885 to 1915, 
and South-West Africa from 1919 to 1966 as a mandate of the 
Union of South Africa. Namibia came into popular use in 1966 and 
became ofﬁ cial in March 1990) 1015
Africa–Nigeria, Federal Republic of 983, 1015
Africa–Senegal (Part of French West Africa from 1895-1959. 
Sénégal & Sudanese Republic from June 20 to August 20, 1960. 
Includes Senegambia) 983, 1015
Africa–South Africa, Republic of (Including four former 
Homelands–Bophuthatswana, Transkei, Venda, and Ciskei). Named 
Union of South Africa from May 1910 to May 1961 198, 983
Africa–Tanzania, United Republic of (Formed the Bulk of German 
East Africa 1895-1946. Tanganyika existed 1920-1961. Created in 
1964 by Merger of Tanganyika and Zanzibar) 983
Africa–Tunisia 307
Africa–Uganda 983
Africa–Zimbabwe (Southern Rhodesia from 1923-1970, Rhodesia 
from 1970-79) 983
Ag Processing Inc a cooperative (AGP) 450, 585, 636, 637, 638, 
639, 640, 641, 642, 643, 644, 645, 646, 649, 655, 657, 659, 663, 
667, 670, 671, 672, 673, 674, 675, 678, 681, 682, 684, 689, 691, 
694, 696, 697, 702, 703, 705, 707, 708, 709, 710, 711, 717, 720, 
724, 725, 727, 731, 732, 734, 735, 737, 739, 740, 741, 742, 743, 
744, 745, 746, 747, 748, 751, 752, 755, 757, 759, 760, 761, 762, 
766, 770, 771, 774, 779, 781, 785, 787, 788, 789, 790, 791, 793, 
794, 796, 797, 798, 800, 804, 805, 806, 807, 808, 809, 810, 811, 
813, 814, 815, 816, 817, 820, 821, 822, 826, 828, 829, 830, 833, 
834, 835, 837, 841, 842, 844, 845, 846, 847, 848, 849, 860, 861, 
863, 864, 866, 868, 869, 870, 871, 874, 877, 879, 885, 886, 887, 
889, 890, 891, 892, 893, 894, 895, 896, 897, 898, 899, 900, 902, 
904, 910, 911, 912, 913, 914, 918, 919, 920, 922, 925, 926, 927, 
929, 930, 931, 932, 933, 934, 935, 936, 937, 938, 939, 940, 943, 
950, 952, 953, 955, 956, 957, 958, 960, 961, 962, 964, 965, 966, 
967, 968, 969, 970, 971, 972, 973, 975, 976, 977, 978, 980, 984, 
985, 987, 988, 989, 991, 992, 993, 994, 995, 996, 997, 998, 999, 
1000, 1001, 1003, 1004, 1005, 1006, 1008, 1010, 1011, 1012, 1013, 
1014, 1016, 1019, 1021, 1022
AGRI Industries, Inc. (Iowa) 538, 539, 540, 541, 545, 551, 552, 
557, 559, 560, 602, 603, 604, 608, 610, 624, 625, 670, 673, 674, 
678, 679, 682, 709, 739, 744, 745, 768, 816, 845, 905, 923, 929, 
932, 933, 978, 1021
Agricultural Adjustment Administration (AAA). See United States 
Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Agricultural Adjustment 
Administration

=== PAGE 377 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   377
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Agricultural Chemistry and Engineering, Bureau. See United States 
Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Bureau of Agricultural and 
Industrial Chemistry
Agricultural Economics, Bureau of. See United States Department 
of Agriculture (USDA)–Bureau of Agricultural Economics
Agricultural Experiment Stations in the United States 9, 11, 13, 17, 
18, 20, 21, 41, 42, 115, 127, 153, 204, 242, 259, 270, 359, 373, 407, 
422, 531, 660, 683, 722
Agricultural Research Service of USDA. See United States 
Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Agricultural Research Service 
(ARS)
Agricultural Service of USDA. See United States Department of 
Agriculture (USDA)–Agricultural Cooperative Service. Including 
Farmer Cooperative Service (1926)
Agronomy, soybean. See Cultural Practices, Soybean Production
Alfa-Laval (Lund, Sweden) 531, 633
Alfalfa or Lucerne / Lucern (Medicago sativa) 9, 460, 534
Allied Mills, Inc. (Formed 6 Aug. 1929) by the Merger of American 
Milling Co. (Peoria, Illinois) and McMillen Feed Co. Maker of 
Wayne Feeds 74, 102, 113, 125, 162, 190, 199, 269, 300, 316, 332, 
380, 557, 561, 562, 615, 672, 738
Allis-Chalmers Manufacturing Co. (Milwaukee, Wisconsin). Made 
Farm Equipment (Tractors, Combines) and Soybean Processing 
Equipment (Driers, Rolling and Flaking Mills, Solvent Extraction 
Units) 40, 125, 382, 404, 501, 738
Almond Milk and Cream. See also: Almonds Used to Flavor 
Soymilk, Rice Milk, etc.. 1002
Almonds (Prunus dulcis syn. P . amygdalus)–Especially Origin and 
Early History of the Almond. Including Almond Bread, Almond 
Meal, and Almonds Seasoned with Soy Sauce / Tamari 360
Alpro (Wevelgem, Belgium), Including the Provamel and Belsoy 
Brands Sold in Health Foods Stores 1002
American Lecithin Corp. (Incorporated 1930), American Lecithin 
Company (Re-incorporated 1934-35), and Joseph Eichberg, 
President of Both 721, 843, 855, 856
American Milling Co. See Allied Mills, Inc.
American Philosophical Society (Philadelphia). See Franklin, 
Benjamin
American Soy Products (Michigan). See Natural Foods Distributors 
and Manufacturers in the USA–Eden Foods
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Activities in the United 
States and Canada, and General Information (Headquarters in 
St. Louis, Missouri. Established 3 Sept. 1920. Named National 
Soybean Growers’ Association until 1925) 113, 203, 300, 315, 332, 
409, 634, 663, 666, 737, 751, 762, 774, 781, 787, 828, 852, 953, 
965, 966
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Activities, Ofﬁ ces, and 
Inﬂ uence in Asia 408, 633
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Activities, Ofﬁ ces, and 
Inﬂ uence in Europe (Western and Eastern) 408, 441, 525, 876
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Activities, Ofﬁ ces, and 
Inﬂ uence Worldwide (General) 496
American Soybean Association (ASA)–American Soybean Institute 
(1969-1973), an Industry-Wide Association 441, 927
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Checkoff Programs 
(Legislated / Mandatory Funding. State Programs Starting in North 
Carolina in Sept. 1966, National Programs–SPARC–Starting in 
1989-1991), and State Promotion Boards (Research & Promotion 
Councils) 422, 700, 777, 812, 896, 965
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Funding and Fundraising 
Before Checkoff Program or 1971. V oluntary or from USDA (FAS 
or ARS) 315
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Honorary Life Members 
387
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Japanese-American 
Soybean Institute (JASI) 316
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Legislative Activities 849
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Meetings / Conventions 
(Annual) and Meeting Sites 115, 555
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Ofﬁ cers, Directors (Board), 
and Special Committees 430
American Soybean Association (ASA) or United Soybean Board–
Activities Related to Food Uses of Soybeans / Soyfoods, or Soy 
Nutrition, Outside the United States (Not Including Soy Oil) 496
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Periodicals, Including 
Soybean Digest, Proceedings of the American Soybean Assoc., 
Soybean Blue Book, Soya Bluebook, Late News, etc.. 316, 374, 406
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Soybean Council of 
America (June 1956-1969). Replaced by American Soybean 
Institute (Est. 11 July 1969) 316, 330, 331, 369, 406, 408, 441, 492, 
494, 568, 745, 927, 928
American Soybean Association (ASA)–State Soybean Associations 
and Boards (Starting with Minnesota in 1962) 400, 700, 727, 732, 
777, 812, 828, 852, 908
American Soybean Association (ASA)–State Soybean Associations 
and United Soybean Board–Activities Related to Food Uses of 
Soybeans / Soyfoods, or Soy Nutrition, in the United States (Not 

=== PAGE 378 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   378
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Including Soy Oil or Edible Oil Products) 115
American Soybean Association (ASA)–Strayer. See Strayer Family 
of Iowa
American Soybean Association (ASA)–United Soybean Board 
(USB, Established 1991, Chesterﬁ eld, Missouri) 727, 734, 737, 
762, 774, 781, 787, 790, 812, 828, 847, 908, 953, 965, 966, 980, 
1010, 1015
American Soybean Association–Research Foundation (ASARF, 
1965-1980), Market Development Foundation (ASAMDF, ASMDF, 
1977-1980), and American Soybean Development Foundation 
(ASDF, Dec. 1980--1991) 634
Amino Acids and Amino Acid Composition and Content. See also 
Nutrition–Protein Quality; Soy Sauce, HVP Type 316, 440, 496, 
598, 780, 961
Anderson International Corp. (Cleveland, Ohio). Manufacturer of 
Expellers for Soybean Crushing, Solvent Extraction Equipment, 
and Extrusion Cooking Equipment. Formerly V .D. Anderson Co. 
and Anderson IBEC 33, 115, 125, 196, 198, 316, 404, 743, 847, 
856, 921
Andreas Family of Minnesota and Iowa–Incl. Reuben Peter 
Andreas, and his sons Albert, Glenn, Dwayne (1918-2016), and 
Lowell Andreas (1922-2009) 113, 199, 269, 320, 321, 322, 323, 
325, 329, 331, 339, 370, 377, 380, 384, 385, 387, 388, 389, 393, 
404, 405, 458, 460, 557, 577, 616, 617, 669, 688, 709, 715, 719, 
723, 730, 738, 780, 818, 826, 881, 922, 986
Antioxidants and Antioxidant / Antioxidative Activity (Especially in 
Soybeans and Soyfoods) 125, 359
Archer Daniels Midland Co. (ADM) (Decatur, Illinois; 
Minneapolis, Minnesota until 1969) 28, 40, 74, 113, 125, 139, 162, 
163, 167, 190, 199, 233, 269, 316, 320, 321, 322, 323, 328, 329, 
330, 335, 336, 337, 338, 339, 340, 344, 345, 347, 348, 349, 359, 
377, 380, 385, 387, 388, 389, 393, 404, 405, 419, 429, 440, 443, 
444, 447, 449, 456, 457, 458, 460, 465, 471, 473, 480, 481, 484, 
491, 493, 496, 501, 510, 511, 529, 532, 536, 557, 577, 582, 589, 
594, 596, 600, 602, 608, 610, 615, 616, 617, 618, 626, 627, 629, 
644, 647, 648, 649, 652, 665, 666, 667, 669, 670, 672, 680, 683, 
688, 690, 701, 703, 709, 712, 715, 716, 719, 721, 723, 727, 728, 
730, 734, 735, 738, 753, 754, 761, 764, 766, 768, 777, 780, 783, 
785, 802, 812, 816, 818, 826, 839, 845, 847, 851, 855, 859, 861, 
864, 865, 867, 870, 878, 881, 882, 925, 930, 931, 934, 941, 961, 
971, 983, 986, 989, 998, 1015, 1016
Argentina. See Latin America, South America–Argentina
Arkansas Grain Corp. See Riceland Foods
Arlington Experimental Farm. See United States Department of 
Agriculture (USDA)–Arlington Experimental Farm
Asgrow (Des Moines, Iowa). Incl. Associated Seed Growers, 
Inc. Acquired in Feb. 1997 by Monsanto Co. from Empresas La 
Moderna, S.A. (ELM) 546, 607, 634, 827, 852
Asia, East–China (People’s Republic of China; Zhonghua Renmin 
Gonghe Guo). See also Hong Kong, Manchuria, and Tibet 40, 125, 
382, 580, 633, 761, 826, 998
Asia, East (General) 16
Asia, East–Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR) 
(British Colony until 1 July 1997, then returned to China) 778, 998
Asia, East–Japan (Nihon or Nippon) 316, 382, 440, 521, 586, 600, 
606, 624, 633, 666, 765, 778, 856, 998
Asia, East–Japanese overseas. See Japanese Overseas, Especially 
Work with Soy
Asia, East–Korea (North and South; Formerly Also Spelled Corea 
and Called “Chosen” by the Japanese [1907-1945]) 624, 778
Asia, East–Manchuria (Called Manchoukuo or Manchukuo by 
Japanese 1932-45; The Provinces of Heilongjiang [Heilungkiang], 
Jilin [Kirin], and Liaoning Were Called Northeast China after 1950) 
9, 28, 33, 40, 49, 124, 125
Asia, East–Taiwan (Republic of China. Widely called by its 
Portuguese name, Formosa, from the 1870s until about 1945) 308, 
624, 778
Asia, Middle East–Afghanistan, Islamic State of 983
Asia, Middle East–Iran, Islamic Republic of (Jomhori-e-Islami-e-
Irân; Persia before 1935) 494, 928
Asia, Middle East–Israel and Judaism (State of Israel, Medinat 
Israel; Established May 1948; Including West Bank, Gaza Strip, and 
Golan Heights Since 1967) 440, 954
Asia, Middle East, Mideast, or Near East (General) 499
Asia, Middle East–Turkey (Including Anatolia or Asia Minor) 369, 
494, 955
Asia, South–Bangladesh, People’s Republic of (East Bengal [See 
India] from 1700s-1947, and East Pakistan [See Pakistan] from 
1947-1971) 983
Asia, South–India (Bharat, Including Sikkim, and Andaman and 
Nicobar Islands) 408, 440, 550, 923, 983
Asia, South–Pakistan, Islamic Republic of (Part of British India 
until 1947. Divided into West Pakistan and East Pakistan 1947-
1971, when East Pakistan Became Independent as Bangladesh) 308, 
316, 408, 494, 983
Asia, Southeast–Cambodia, Kingdom of (Kampuchea from 1979 to 
the 1980s; Also Khmer Republic) 983
Asia, Southeast–Indonesia (Netherland(s) Indies, Netherlands East 
Indies, or Dutch East Indies before 1945) (Including Islands of 
Java, Borneo, Celebes, Lesser Sunda, Moluccas, New Guinea [West 

=== PAGE 379 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   379
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Irian], and Sumatra) 955, 982, 983
Asia, Southeast–Malaysia, Federation of (Including East Malaysia 
Composed of Sarawak and Sabah. British Borneo or North Borneo 
from about 1881 to 1963). Federation of Malaya before 1963 778
Asia, Southeast–Philippines, Republic of the 955, 982
Asia, Southeast–Singapore (Part of the Straits Settlements [British] 
from 1826 to 1946) 382, 778, 955
Asia, Southeast–Thailand, Kingdom of (Siam before 1939) 440, 
778, 926, 955
Asia, Southeast–Vietnam / Viet Nam, Socialist Republic of 
(North and South) (Divided by French into Tonkin, Annam, and 
Cochinchine from 1887-1945) 920, 923, 955, 983
Associated Seed Growers, Inc. See Asgrow (Des Moines, Iowa)
Australia. See Oceania–Australia
Bacon or bacon bits, meatless. See Meat Alternatives–Meatless 
Bacon, Ham, Chorizo and Other Pork-related Products
Bacteria causing toxicity. See Toxins and Toxicity in Foods and 
Feeds–Microorganisms, Especially Bacteria, and that Cause Food 
Poisoning
Barges used to transport soybeans. See Transportation of Mature 
Soybeans to Market, Transportation of Soybeans or Soy Products to 
Market by Water Using Barges, Junks, etc
Battle Creek Food Co. See Kellogg, John Harvey (M.D.)
Bean curd. See Tofu
Bean curd skin. See Yuba
Bean paste. See Miso
Benni, Benne, Benniseed. See Sesame Seed
Benzene / Benzine / Benzol solvents for extraction. See Solvents
Berczeller, Laszlo (1890-1955) 847
Bibliography and / or Review of the Literature (Contains More 
Than 50 References or Citations) 124, 125, 167, 382, 418, 489, 490, 
491, 589, 591, 660, 722, 728, 783, 978
Binder for Sand Foundry Cores / Core Oil–Industrial Uses of Soy 
Oil as a Drying Oil 16, 666
Biographies, Biographical Sketches, and Autobiographies–See also: 
Obituaries 369, 387, 471, 666, 688, 723, 921, 922, 943
Biotechnology applied to soybeans. See Genetic Engineering, 
Transgenics, Transgenic Plants and Biotechnology / Biotech
Black soybeans. See Soybean Seeds–Black
Black-eyed pea. See Cowpea–Vigna unguiculata
Blaw-Knox Co. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania). Maker of Soybean 
Crushing Equipment, Especially the Rotocel 316, 396, 404, 476, 
633, 739, 743
Boca Burger. See Kraft Foods Inc.
Boone Valley Cooperative Processing Association (Eagle Grove, 
Iowa) 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 70, 75, 76, 
77, 78, 79, 88, 97, 98, 100, 101, 102, 113, 127, 128, 133, 162, 163, 
164, 165, 166, 168, 169, 170, 171, 173, 174, 176, 179, 180, 181, 
188, 189, 190, 191, 197, 199, 201, 216, 218, 241, 243, 247, 248, 
249, 250, 251, 252, 253, 254, 255, 256, 257, 264, 269, 304, 379, 
403, 410, 411, 412, 413, 414, 415, 416, 417, 424, 425, 434, 443, 
532, 534, 550, 602, 608, 610, 612, 613, 614, 636, 643, 644, 645, 
646, 655, 657, 663, 670, 717, 741, 746, 769, 863, 886, 922, 927, 
929, 931, 932, 933, 934, 936, 937, 938, 943, 950, 978, 1021
Borden, Inc. (Columbus, Ohio; New York City, New York; 
Waterloo, Iowa; Elgin and Kankakee, Illinois) 102, 162, 190, 199, 
269, 330, 627, 728
Boyer, Robert. See Ford, Henry
Bran, soy. See Fiber, Soy
Brassica napus. See Rapeseed
Brassica napus (L.) var. napus. See Canola
Brazil. See Latin America, South America–Brazil
Breeding of soybeans. See Genetic Engineering, Transgenics, 
Transgenic Plants and Biotechnology / Biotech, Irradiation 
of Soybeans for Breeding and Variety Development, Variety 
Development and Breeding
Breeding or Selection of Soybeans for Use as Soy Oil or Meal 765
Breeding soybeans for food uses. See Variety Development, 
Breeding, Selection, Evaluation, Growing, or Handling of Soybeans 
for Food Uses
Brew ﬂ akes, soybean. See Soy Flour or Flakes–Use in Brewing
Briggs, George M. (1884-1970, Univ. of Wisconsin) 115, 430
Buckeye Cotton Oil Co. See Procter & Gamble Co.
Building materials. See 
Adhesives or Glues for Plywood, Other 
Woods, Wallpaper, or Building Materials
Bunge Corp. (White Plains, New York). Including Lauhoff Grain 
Co. (Danville, Illinois) since 1979 419, 484, 532, 582, 602, 608, 
610, 617, 670, 672, 692, 693, 703, 738, 761, 764, 780, 816, 826, 
859, 871, 923, 925, 944, 983, 989, 998, 1000, 1016

=== PAGE 380 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   380
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Burgers, meatless. See Meat Alternatives–Meatless Burgers and 
Patties
Burke, Armand. See Soya Corporation of America and Dr. Armand 
Burke
Burlison, William Leonidas (1882-1958, Univ. of Illinois) 113, 115, 
127, 194, 430
Cake or meal, soybean. See Soybean Meal
Calf, Lamb, or Pig Milk Replacer
 Replacers 475, 530, 553, 591, 619, 801
California. See United States–States–California
Canada 115, 162, 264, 316, 380, 430, 481, 484, 532, 536, 608, 647, 
667, 709, 717, 725, 735, 738, 748, 759, 766, 787, 816, 818, 825, 
829, 845, 847, 849, 859, 864, 877, 910, 929, 952, 954, 955, 975, 
983, 997, 1021
Canada. See Ontario Soybean Growers (Marketing Board)
Canada–Soybean crushers, early. See Soybean Crushers (Canada), 
Early (Before 1941)
Canada–Soybean Crushing–Soy Oil and Meal Production and 
Consumption–Statistics, Trends, and Analyses 536
Canada–Soybean Production, Area and Stocks–Statistics, Trends, 
and Analyses 316
Canadian Provinces and Territories–Alberta 766
Canadian Provinces and Territories–Manitoba 264, 954
Canadian Provinces and Territories–Ontario 162, 316, 380, 430, 
484, 532, 536, 608, 647, 667, 709, 787, 816, 818, 845, 847, 910, 
983
Canadian Provinces and Territories–Québec (Quebec) 738, 859
Canadian Provinces and Territories–Saskatchewan 748, 818, 952
CanAmera Foods (Plant at Hamilton, Ontario, Canada). Includes 
Maple Leaf Foods. Named Central Soya of Canada Ltd. (May 
1991-March 1992). Named Canadian Vegetable Oil Products 
(CVOP; Div. of Canada Packers, Hamilton, Ontario) Before the 
mid-1980s. Named Canadian Vegetable Oil Processing (1942-1984) 
536, 608
Candles, Crayons, and Soybean Wax–Industrial Uses of Soy Oil as 
an Hydrogenated Oil 857
Cannabis sativa. See Hemp
Canola (Brassica napus (L.) var. napus)–An Improved Variety of 
the Rape Plant or Rapeseed Having Seeds with Little or No Erucic 
Acid 705, 707, 708, 765, 818, 865
Carbohydrates–Dietary Fiber (Including Complex Carbohydrates, 
Bran, Water-Soluble and Water-Insoluble Fiber) 569, 570, 578
Cardiovascular Disease and Diet Therapy, Especially Heart Disease 
and Stroke, But Including Cholesterol Reduction, and Hypertension 
(High Blood Pressure). Soy Is Not Always Mentioned 1015
Cargill. See Lucas Meyer GmbH (Hamburg, Germany)
Cargill, Inc. (Minneapolis, Minneapolis) 102, 106, 113, 162, 163, 
167, 190, 199, 204, 269, 300, 316, 330, 332, 380, 387, 396, 404, 
405, 419, 429, 444, 449, 457, 458, 460, 464, 465, 471, 480, 481, 
484, 491, 496, 529, 532, 535, 536, 557, 561, 562, 582, 589, 590, 
594, 596, 602, 608, 610, 617, 618, 626, 634, 667, 670, 672, 679, 
688, 701, 703, 709, 712, 723, 728, 734, 738, 739, 753, 761, 764, 
780, 785, 787, 812, 816, 826, 827, 839, 845, 847, 859, 865, 867, 
881, 903, 921, 922, 925, 932, 935, 980, 983, 989, 998, 1016
Caribbean. See Latin America–Caribbean
Cartoons or Cartoon Characters 464, 550
Casein or Caseinates–Problems in So-Called Non-Dairy Products 
733
Catering. See Foodservice and Institutional Feeding or Catering
Cenex. See CHS Cooperatives
Central America. See Latin America–Central America
Central Soya Co. (Fort Wayne, Indiana). Maker of Master Mix 
Feeds. Acquired in Oct. 1987 by the Ferruzzi Group in Ravenna, 
Italy. In 1991 became part of CSY Agri-Processing, Inc. [a holding 
company], operating as a member of the Eridania / Beghin-Say 
agro-industrial group, within Ferruzzi-Montedison. Acquired in 
Oct. 2002 by Bunge 28, 40, 74, 113, 125, 162, 163, 167, 190, 199, 
204, 269, 300, 316, 330, 380, 381, 387, 419, 444, 447, 449, 456, 
457, 465, 469, 471, 480, 481, 484, 491, 493, 496, 501, 529, 532, 
536, 561, 562, 582, 589, 594, 596, 600, 602, 608, 617, 626, 627, 
652, 666, 667, 670, 672, 677, 701, 703, 709, 712, 721, 728, 729, 
734, 753, 756, 761, 764, 780, 783, 785, 812, 816, 826, 845, 851, 
855, 859, 871, 923, 944
Cereol. See Ferruzzi-Montedison (Italy)
Certiﬁ cation of soybean seeds. See Seed Certiﬁ cation (Soybeans)
Checkoff programs (state and national). See American Soybean 
Association (ASA)–Checkoff Programs
Cheese. See Soy Cheese or Cheese Alternatives
Cheese–Non-Soy Dairy-Based Cheeses 600
Chemical / Nutritional Composition or Analysis of Seeds, Plants, 
Foods, Feeds, Nutritional Components 125, 167, 324, 582, 772, 773
Chemistry and Soils, Bureau. See United States Department 
of Agriculture (USDA)–Bureau of Agricultural and Industrial 

=== PAGE 381 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   381
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Chemistry
Chemurgy, the Farm Chemurgic Movement, and the Farm 
Chemurgic Council (USA, 1930s to 1950s, Including Wheeler 
McMillen, William J. Hale, and Francis P. Garvan) 359, 666
Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT, organized in April 1848) 47, 329, 
408, 604, 634, 650, 738
Chicago Heights Oil Co. (Chicago Heights, Illinois; Started by I.C. 
Bradley and George Brett) 11, 12, 17, 23, 28, 33, 47, 115, 124, 695, 
856
Chicken, meatless. See Meat Alternatives–Meatless Chicken, 
Goose, Duck, and Related Poultry Products. See also Meatless 
Turkey
Chickens (esp. Layers & Broilers) Fed Soybeans, Soybean Forage, 
or Soybean Cake or Meal as Feed 364, 562
China. See Asia, East–China
Chronology / Timeline 1, 404, 405, 482, 571, 613, 616, 663, 695, 
722, 756, 774, 801, 803, 851, 882, 982, 984, 1000
CHS Cooperatives, Including Cenex, Inc. and Harvest States 
Cooperatives (Which Includes Honeymead) 669, 670, 704, 715, 
719, 721, 726, 730, 736, 739, 749, 761, 763, 767, 768, 776, 777, 
801, 802, 816, 833, 840, 853, 858, 859, 865, 876, 880, 882, 888, 
903, 908, 932, 933, 937, 938, 946, 958, 972, 978, 979, 983, 1007, 
1015, 1016
Civil War in USA (1861-1865) 418, 722, 784
Claim or Claims of Health Beneﬁ ts–Usually Authorized by the U.S. 
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) 812
Cleaning soybean seeds. See Seed Cleaning–Especially for Food or 
Seed Uses
Climate change. See Global Warming / Climate Change as 
Environmental Issues
Coffee Creamer, Whitener or Lightener (Non-Dairy–Usually 
Contains Soy) 1002
Coffee, soy. See Soy Coffee
Coker Pedigreed Seed Co. (Hartsville, South Carolina) 423, 546, 
634
Color of soybean seeds. See Soybean Seeds (of different colors)
Combines. Also called the Combined Harvester-Thresher in the 
1920s and 1930s (Combine) 16, 41, 115, 127, 180, 430, 580
Commercial Soy Products–New Products, Mostly Foods 24, 45, 64, 
65, 66, 67, 68, 72, 73, 80, 81, 82, 83, 86, 100, 111, 112, 114, 120, 
121, 122, 123, 136, 140, 145, 147, 148, 154, 193, 205, 210, 228, 
258, 273, 301, 313, 323, 328, 333, 354, 365, 381, 386, 394, 401, 
402, 426, 438, 450, 451, 461, 472, 474, 479, 507, 510, 517, 549, 
559, 563, 564, 565, 566, 584, 585, 611, 621, 622, 623, 635, 637, 
638, 639, 640, 641, 642, 643, 648, 662, 665, 673, 674, 675, 685, 
686, 696, 704, 718, 720, 793, 800, 820, 842
Commercial yuba. See Yuba Production–How to Make Yuba on a 
Commercial Scale
Component / value-based pricing of soybeans. See Seed Quality
Composition of soybeans, soyfoods, or feeds. See Chemical / 
Nutritional Composition or Analysis
Computerized Databases and Information Services, Information or 
Publications About Those Concerning Soya 477, 850
Computers (General) and Computer Hardware Related to Soybean 
Production and Marketing. See also: Computer Software 634, 651, 
657, 802, 869, 982, 1006
Conservation of soils. See Soil Science–Soil Conservation or Soil 
Erosion
Continental Grain Co. See ContiGroup Companies, Inc.
Continental Grain Co. Named ContiGroup Companies from 1999 
until 2008 (New York, New York) 198, 199, 332, 419, 484, 532, 
535, 557, 562, 602, 608, 670, 672, 703, 709, 712, 738, 816
Cookery, Cookbooks, Cooking Videos, and Recipes–Mostly Using 
Soy, Mostly Vegetarian. See also: the Subcategories–Vegetarian 
Cookbooks, Vegan Cookbooks 444, 456
Cooperative Enterprises, Ventures, Research, or Experiments, and 
Cooperatives / Co-ops, Worldwide. See also: Soybean Crushers 
(USA)–Cooperative Crushers 19, 260, 360, 364, 366, 408, 418, 
427, 428, 437, 440, 442, 444, 445, 446, 447, 449, 453, 456, 457, 
459, 461, 465, 466, 471, 472, 473, 476, 480, 483, 485, 491, 494, 
503, 504, 527, 529, 531, 568, 617, 621, 631, 648, 653, 656, 666, 
685, 686, 701, 716, 718, 722, 753, 811, 812, 839, 847
Cooperative soybean crushers. See Soybean Crushers (USA), 
Cooperative
Cooperatives. See United States Department of Agriculture 
(USDA)–Agricultural Cooperative Service
Corn / Maize (Zea mays L. subsp. mays)–Including Corn Oil, Corn 
Germ Oil, Meal, Starch, and Corn Gluten 9, 14, 16, 21, 28, 44, 90, 
94, 104, 115, 124, 139, 153, 165, 270, 359, 380, 464, 476, 545, 577, 
586, 609, 624, 644, 666, 683, 692, 726, 737, 738, 743, 761, 769, 
776, 780, 788, 791, 826, 846, 849, 861, 865, 867, 870, 882, 901, 
903, 906, 918, 929, 934, 937, 938, 942, 954, 961, 1021
Cottonseed Flour. Previously Spelled Cotton-Seed Flour 443
Cottonseed Meal and Cake (Defatted). Previously Spelled Cotton-
Seed Cake 391, 501, 743
Cottonseed Oil. Previously Spelled Cotton-Seed Oil or Cotton Oil 

=== PAGE 382 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   382
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
11, 12, 13, 19, 27, 28, 33, 40, 74, 124, 139, 167, 190, 274, 316, 391, 
493, 501, 574, 695, 865
Cottonseeds / Cottonseed. Previously Spelled Cotton Seeds / Seed 
190, 264, 265
Cowpea or Black-Eyed Pea. Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp. Formerly 
spelled Cow Pea. Also called Blackeye Pea, Cowpeas, Pea Bean, 
Yardlong Cowpea. Chinese: Jiangdou. Previous scientiﬁ c names: 
Vigna sinensis (L.) (1890s-1970s), Vigna catjang (1898-1920), 
Vigna Katiang (1889) 127
Cows / Cattle for Dairy Milk and Butter Fed Soybeans, Soybean 
Forage, or Soybean Cake or Meal as Feed 16
Crayons. See Candles, Crayons, and Soybean Wax
Creamer or soy cream for coffee. See Coffee Creamer / Whitener
Crop Rotation Using Soybean Plants for Soil Improvement 21, 44, 
115, 577
Cropping Systems: Intercropping, Interplanting, Mixed Cropping 
or Mixed Planting (Often Planted in Alternating Rows with Some 
Other Crop) 906
Crown Iron Works Co. (Minneapolis, Minnesota). Maker of 
Soybean Processing Equipment. Acquired by CPM (Formerly 
California Pellet Mill, Waterloo, Iowa) on 16 Aug. 2007 190, 205, 
210, 211, 212, 223, 225, 228, 231, 316, 499, 502, 645, 663, 740, 
847, 866, 885, 921, 954, 969, 982, 1006
Crushing, soybean–equipment manufacturers. See Allis-Chalmers, 
Anderson International Corp., Blaw-Knox Co. and Rotocel, Crown 
Iron Works Co., French Oil Mill Machinery Co.
Crushing statistics for soybeans, and soy oil and meal production 
and consumption. See individual geographic regions (such as Asia, 
Europe, Latin America, United States, World, etc.) and nations 
within each region
CSY Agri-Processing, Inc. See Central Soya Co. (Fort Wayne, 
Indiana)
Cultural Practices, Cultivation & Agronomy (Including Crop 
Management, Erosion, Planting, Seedbed Preparation, Water 
Management / Irrigation) 346
Cultures of nitrogen ﬁ xing bacteria for soybeans. See Nitrogen 
Fixing Cultures
Dairy alternatives (soy based). See Coffee Creamer / Whitener 
or Cream Alternative, Soy Cheese or Cheese Alternatives, Soy 
Pudding, Custard, Parfait, or Mousse, Soymilk, Tofu (Soy Cheese), 
Whip Topping
Daitokuji / Daitoku-ji natto. See Daitokuji Fermented Black 
Soybeans–from Japan
Daitokuji Fermented Black Soybeans–from Japan. In Japan called 
Daitokuji Natto or Daitoku-ji Natto 382
Dannen Mills (St. Joseph, Missouri). Sold (Oct. 1963) to Farmers 
Union Cooperative Marketing Assoc. (CMA) in Kansas City 74, 
102, 113, 125, 162, 163, 190, 198, 199, 204, 269, 300, 316, 332, 
351, 352, 353, 354, 355, 356, 357, 361, 364, 366, 399, 443, 452, 
461, 473, 507, 557, 584, 610, 631, 636, 659, 668, 681, 684, 691, 
710, 724, 731, 739, 741, 743, 831, 837, 848, 915, 916, 917, 929, 
933, 947, 948, 1021
Dawson Mills (Dawson, Minnesota) (Tri-County Soy Bean Co-
operative Association until 1969) and Dawson Food Ingredients 
(from 1974)–Cooperative 212, 213, 215, 219, 221, 222, 223, 224, 
225, 226, 227, 228, 229, 230, 231, 232, 233, 234, 235, 236, 237, 
238, 244, 264, 269, 327, 332, 363, 378, 380, 381, 395, 406, 409, 
420, 430, 443, 450, 454, 455, 462, 470, 475, 483, 484, 486, 487, 
488, 490, 495, 496, 499, 502, 508, 509, 514, 518, 522, 532, 533, 
537, 542, 543, 548, 549, 550, 556, 558, 563, 564, 565, 566, 567, 
569, 570, 572, 573, 574, 575, 578, 579, 581, 582, 583, 585, 588, 
589, 592, 595, 596, 597, 599, 600, 601, 606, 608, 610, 611, 617, 
627, 628, 632, 636, 638, 644, 649, 657, 663, 667, 677, 680, 739, 
740, 754, 756, 764, 851, 859, 863, 866, 921, 922, 929, 930, 933, 
935, 942, 954, 978, 982, 996, 1006, 1021
Death certiﬁ cates. See Obituaries, Eulogies, Death Certiﬁ cates, and 
Wills
Deceptive or misleading labeling or products. See Unfair Practices–
Including Possible Deceptive / Misleading Labeling, Advertising, 
etc. See also: Adulteration
DeKalb Genetics. Including DeKalb-Pﬁ zer Genetics (DeKalb, 
Illinois) from 1982 to 1990 423, 634, 827
Delphos Grain & Soya Products Co. (Delphos, Ohio) 113, 162, 198, 
199, 269, 300, 316, 380, 484, 532, 608, 667, 709, 816, 845
Demos, Steve. See White Wave, Inc. (Boulder, Colorado)
Detergents or soaps made from soy oil. See Soaps or Detergents
Diabetes and Diabetic Diets 718, 927, 1015
Dies, Edward Jerome (1891-1979) 113, 557
Diesel Fuel, SoyDiesel, Biodiesel–Interchem Industries, 
Inc., Interchem Environmental, Inc., Midwest Biofuels, Ag 
Environmental Processing (AEP), Bill Ayres and Doug Pickering. 
Pioneer Biodiesel Makers and Marketers in the USA 734, 737, 774, 
781, 787, 790, 791, 793, 796, 797, 807, 811, 814, 914, 934, 952, 
953, 960, 964, 965, 966, 967, 968, 969
Diesel Fuel, SoyDiesel, Biodiesel–Kenlon Johannes, Pioneer in the 
USA 727, 732, 734, 737, 751, 787, 964, 965, 966, 967, 968, 1010
Diesel Fuel, SoyDiesel, Biodiesel, or Artiﬁ cial Petroleum (Made 
from Methyl Esters of Soybean Oil) 727, 732, 734, 737, 748, 751, 
752, 755, 757, 760, 762, 770, 774, 781, 787, 788, 790, 791, 793, 
794, 796, 797, 800, 807, 809, 810, 811, 813, 814, 821, 830, 834, 
835, 846, 849, 868, 870, 873, 874, 875, 880, 901, 903, 908, 910, 

=== PAGE 383 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   383
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
911, 912, 913, 914, 918, 919, 929, 934, 939, 940, 952, 953, 956, 
957, 960, 961, 962, 964, 965, 966, 967, 968, 969, 970, 971, 973, 
980, 982, 984, 988, 991, 994, 995, 997, 998, 1003, 1004, 1010, 
1011, 1013, 1014, 1021
Diesel, soy. See National Biodiesel Board
Directories–Soybean Processors (Including Soyfoods 
Manufacturers), Researchers, Conference Attendees, and Other 
Names and Addresses Related to Soyfoods, Vegetarianism, 
Macrobiotics, etc. See also Directories–Japanese American in USA 
271, 316, 330, 374, 406, 490, 491, 546, 589
Diseases of Soybeans (Bacterial, Fungal, and Viral / Virus). See 
also: Nematode Disease Control 765
Diseases, pests, and other types of injury, plant protection from. See 
Plant Protection from Diseases, Pests and Other Types of Injury 
(General)
District of Columbia. See United States–States–District of 
Columbia
Documents with More Than 20 Keywords 9, 13, 16, 28, 33, 40, 74, 
113, 115, 124, 125, 162, 163, 167, 190, 199, 264, 269, 316, 359, 
373, 380, 382, 387, 404, 406, 408, 419, 430, 440, 443, 457, 465, 
471, 480, 484, 491, 501, 532, 536, 545, 557, 571, 582, 596, 602, 
606, 608, 610, 617, 618, 624, 625, 627, 663, 666, 667, 670, 672, 
688, 695, 709, 728, 737, 738, 739, 743, 754, 761, 762, 764, 775, 
778, 787, 812, 816, 839, 845, 847, 851, 859, 865, 921, 929, 932, 
944, 952, 965, 978, 983, 1021
Dogs, Cats, and Other Pets / Companion Animals Fed Soybeans, 
Soybean Forage, or Soybean Cake or Meal as Feed / Pet Food / 
Petfood 457
Douchi or doushi or dow see or dowsi. See Fermented Black 
Soybeans
Drackett Co. (The) (Cincinnati and Sharonville [or Evendale], 
Ohio) 74, 113, 125, 190, 199, 269, 666, 851
Dried-frozen tofu. See Tofu, Frozen, Dried-frozen, or Dried Whole
Drying of soybeans. See Storage of Seeds
DuPont (E.I. Du Pont de Nemours & Co., Inc.) and DuPont 
Agricultural Enterprise / Products (Wilmington, Delaware). 
Formerly spelled Du Pont 40, 49, 634, 663, 666, 740, 852, 866, 
921, 923, 925, 1000, 1015
Earliest document seen... See Historical–Earliest Document Seen
Economic Research Service of USDA. See United States 
Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Economic Research Service 
(ERS)
Economics of soybean production and hedging. See Marketing 
Soybeans
Edamamé. See Green Vegetable Soybeans, Green Vegetable 
Soybeans–Edamamé
Eden Foods, Inc. (Clinton, Michigan; Founded 4 Nov. 1969) and 
American Soy Products (Saline, Michigan; Founded Aug. 1986) 
877
Edmondson, J.B. “Ben” (1846-1929). Soybean Pioneer in Indiana, 
and in Hendricks County, Indiana 430
Egypt. See Africa–Egypt
Eichberg, Joseph. See American Lecithin Corp.
Elizabeth City Oil and Fertilizer Co. (Elizabeth City, North 
Carolina; 1915) 12, 28, 124, 695
Embargoes, tariffs, duties. See Trade Policies (International) 
Concerning Soybeans, Soy Products, or Soyfoods–Tariffs, Duties, 
Embargoes, Moratoriums
Energy, renewable, from soybeans. See Diesel Fuel, SoyDiesel, 
Biodiesel, or Artiﬁ cial Petroleum
England. See Europe, Western–United Kingdom
Environmental issues, concerns, and protection. See Water Use, 
Misuse, and Scarcity
Enzyme active soy ﬂ our. See Soy Flour, Grits, and Flakes–Enzyme 
Active
Enzymes–Commercial Enzyme Preparations Used in 
Making Soyfoods by Hydrolyzing or Modifying Soy Protein, 
Carbohydrates, or Lipids (Including Phosphatides) 728
Enzymes in Soybean Seeds–Lipoxygenase (Formerly Called 
Lipoxidase) and Its Inactivation 582, 666
Enzymes in Soybean Seeds–Other 125
Equipment for making soymilk. See Soymilk Equipment
Equipment for soybean crushing–manufacturers. See Anderson 
International Corp., Blaw-Knox Co. and Rotocel, Crown Iron 
Works Co., French Oil Mill Machinery Co.
Erosion of soils. See Soil Science–Soil Conservation or Soil 
Erosion
Estrogens in plants. See Phytoestrogens
Ethanol (ethyl alcohol). See Solvents
Etymology
. See the speciﬁ c product concerned (e.g. soybeans, tofu, 
soybean meal, etc.)
Etymology of the Words “Soya,” “Soy,” and “Soybean” and their 
Cognates / Relatives in Various Languages 21, 115

=== PAGE 384 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   384
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Europe, Eastern–Bulgaria 496
Europe, Eastern–Czechoslovakia (From 1918 until 1 Jan. 1993; 
then divided into The Czech Republic [formerly Bohemia and 
Moravia], and Slovakia [ofﬁ cially “The Slovak Republic”]) 496
Europe, Eastern (General) 923
Europe, Eastern–Hungary (Magyar Köztársaság) 441, 496, 821, 
846, 952, 955
Europe, Eastern–Poland 496, 499, 617, 624, 855, 856
Europe, Eastern–Romania (Including Moldavia and Bessarabia until 
1940-44). Also spelled Rumania 441, 496, 1006
Europe, Eastern–Russian Federation (Russia); Formerly Russian 
SFSR, a Soviet Republic from 30 Dec. 1922 to Dec. 1991) 876
Europe, Eastern–Slovakia (Slovak Republic, or Slovensko; Eastern 
Part of Czechoslovakia from 1918 until 1 Jan. 1993) 952, 955
Europe, Eastern–Ukraine (Ukrayina; Formerly Ukranian SSR, a 
Soviet Republic from 1917 to Dec. 1991) 761
Europe, Eastern–USSR (Union of Soviet Socialist Republics or 
Soviet Union; called Russia before 30 Dec. 1922. Ceased to exist 
on 26 Dec. 1991) 299, 496, 499, 586, 617, 624, 688, 723, 738, 759, 
982
Europe, Eastern–Yugoslavia. Existed from 1918 to Jan. 1992. 
Composed of Serbia / Servia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, 
Slovenia, Macedonia, and Montenegro. Included Carnaro, Fiume / 
Rijeka / Rieka 1947-1992; Formerly Also Spelled Jugoslavia. See 
also Serbia and Montenegro 441, 458, 496, 525, 526, 624
Europe–European Union (EU) or European Economic Community 
(EEC; also known as the Common Market), renamed the European 
Community (Headquarters: Brussels, Belgium) 342, 586, 761, 783
Europe, Western 13, 330, 554, 600, 818
Europe, Western–Austria (Österreich) was independent before 8 
June 1876 when the dual monarchy was formed. As the Austro-
Hungarian Empire began to break up, the Republic of Austria 
declared independence on 12 Nov. 1918 441, 737, 856
Europe, Western–Belgium, Kingdom of 583, 606, 618, 624, 952
Europe, Western–Denmark (Danmark; Including the Province of 
Greenland [Kalaallit Nunaat]) 418, 467, 606, 624, 856
Europe, Western–France (République Française) 245, 618, 624, 
733, 871
Europe, Western–Germany (Deutschland; Including East and West 
Germany, Oct. 1949–July 1990) 28, 40, 49, 124, 125, 167, 316, 441, 
467, 496, 501, 532, 596, 608, 624, 627, 647, 666, 690, 695, 709, 
721, 761, 783, 816, 818, 855, 856, 928, 944, 982, 989
Europe, Western–Ireland, Republic of (Éire; Also Called Irish 
Republic) 733
Europe, Western–Italy (Repubblica Italiana) 369, 440, 441, 624, 
672, 734, 737, 871, 989
Europe, Western–Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of (Occasionally 
spelled Luxemburg) 624
Europe, Western–Netherlands, Kingdom of the (Koninkrijk der 
Nederlanden), Including Holland 245, 316, 404, 467, 583, 606, 618, 
624, 666, 667, 716, 733, 768, 812, 851, 906
Europe, Western–Norway, Kingdom of (Kongeriket Norge) 467
Europe, Western–Portugal (República Portuguesa; Including Macao 
/ Macau {Until 1999} and the Azores) 408, 647
Europe, Western–Scotland (Part of United Kingdom since 1707) 
695
Europe, Western–Spain, Kingdom of (Reino de España) 618, 624, 
647, 688, 734, 952
Europe, Western–Sweden, Kingdom of (Konungariket Sverige) 
408, 467, 922
Europe, Western–Switzerland (Swiss Confederation) 167, 586, 806
Europe, Western–United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland (UK–Including England, Scotland, Wales, Channel Islands, 
Isle of Man, Gibraltar) 167, 418, 458, 467, 606, 624, 672, 695, 883, 
996
Expellers. See Soybean Crushing–Equipment–Screw Presses and 
Expellers
Experiment stations (state) in USA. See Agricultural Experiment 
Stations in the United States
Explosions or ﬁ res. See Soybean Crushing–Explosions and/or Fires 
in Soybean Solvent Extraction Plants
Explosives Made from Soy Oil or Glycerine–Industrial Uses of Soy 
Oil as a Non-Drying Oil 16
Exports. See Trade of Soybeans, Oil & Meal, or see Individual 
Soyfoods Exported
Extruder / Extrusion Cooker Manufacturers–Wenger International, 
Inc. (Kansas City, Missouri; Sabetha, Kansas), Incl. Extru-Tech, 
Inc.. 476, 617, 753, 859
Extruders and Extrusion Cooking, Low Cost–Including Triple “F” 
Inc., Insta-Pro International, Soy Innovations International, and 
Heartland Agri Partners, LLC 847
Extruders, Extrusion Cooking, Extrusion Cookers and Expanders. 
See also Low Cost Extrusion Cookers (LEC / LECs) 426, 440, 445, 
447, 457, 470, 476, 477, 483, 490, 596, 606, 701, 859, 1015

=== PAGE 385 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   385
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Extru-Tech, Inc. See Extruder / Extrusion Cooker Manufacturers–
Wenger International, Inc.
Family history. See Genealogy and Family History
FAO. See United Nations (Including UNICEF, FAO, UNDP, 
UNESCO, and UNRRA) Work with Soy
Farm machinery. See Tractors
Far-Mar-Co, Inc. (A Cooperative; Hutchinson, Kansas). Created 
on 1 June 1968 by the merger of four regional grain cooperatives 
including Farmers Union Cooperative Marketing Assn., which had 
owned the former Dannen soybean crushing plant in St. Joseph, 
Missouri, since Sept. 1963. Parts later sold to PMS Foods, Inc.. 351, 
353, 354, 355, 356, 357, 361, 364, 366, 374, 380, 399, 419, 421, 
426, 427, 428, 437, 440, 442, 443, 444, 445, 446, 447, 449, 452, 
453, 456, 457, 459, 461, 465, 466, 471, 472, 473, 476, 480, 481, 
483, 484, 485, 491, 500, 503, 504, 505, 507, 523, 527, 529, 531, 
534, 535, 545, 571, 596, 608, 610, 617, 621, 624, 625, 631, 648, 
653, 654, 656, 666, 668, 685, 686, 701, 712, 716, 718, 741, 743, 
753, 764, 768, 812, 839, 859, 978, 1001
Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association (GTA). Established in 
1938 in St. Paul, Minnesota 230, 264, 320, 321, 322, 323, 325, 328, 
329, 335, 336, 337, 338, 339, 340, 341, 343, 344, 345, 347, 348, 
349, 352, 358, 359, 370, 372, 377, 382, 384, 385, 387, 388, 389, 
393, 397, 398, 404, 405, 436, 443, 458, 460, 463, 468, 484, 506, 
510, 511, 515, 516, 518, 519, 525, 526, 528, 532, 544, 545, 547, 
571, 576, 577, 589, 602, 603, 608, 610, 616, 624, 625, 630, 650, 
669, 671, 688, 715, 719, 730, 738, 768, 780, 802, 833, 881, 882, 
922, 937, 938, 943, 978
Farmland Industries, Inc. Named Consumers Cooperative 
Association from 1934 to 1 Sept. 1966. Declared Bankruptcy in 
May 2002 105, 139, 140, 142, 159, 162, 163, 175, 186, 190, 191, 
199, 241, 255, 309, 310, 311, 312, 313, 355, 383, 386, 419, 443, 
478, 479, 484, 500, 505, 507, 532, 534, 535, 545, 550, 557, 561, 
571, 582, 584, 602, 603, 608, 610, 624, 625, 633, 636, 637, 640, 
641, 644, 652, 655, 657, 663, 670, 692, 693, 717, 741, 742, 743, 
746, 750, 768, 799, 805, 806, 810, 811, 814, 819, 823, 825, 831, 
833, 838, 840, 853, 859, 863, 872, 884, 886, 903, 929, 931, 932, 
933, 936, 937, 938, 943, 950, 978, 1001, 1021
Fatty Acids for Non-Drying or Drying Applications (As in Hot-Melt 
Glues or the Curing Component of Epoxy Glues)–Industrial Uses of 
Soy Oil 113, 316
Feed manufacturing companies. See Ralston Purina Company
Feeds / Forage from Soybean Plants–Hay (Whole Dried Soybean 
Plants, Foliage and Immature Seed Included) 9, 14, 115, 270
Feeds / Forage from Soybean Plants or Full-Fat Seeds (Including 
Forage, Fodder {Green Plants}, or Ground Soybean Seeds) 683
Feeds / Forage from Soybean Plants–Pastures & Grazing–Hogging 
Down / Off, Pasturing Down, Grazing Down, Lambing Down / Off, 
and Sheeping-Down / Off 9, 16, 33, 115
Feeds / Forage from Soybean Plants–Silage / Ensilage Made in a 
Silo 9, 33, 127, 362
Feeds Made from Soybean Meal (Defatted) 40, 51, 561, 562, 591, 
688
Feeds, Other Types (Okara, Calf Milk Replacers, Soybean Hulls, 
etc.) 530, 553, 591
Feeds–Soybeans, soybean forage, or soy products fed to various 
types of animals. See The type of animal–chickens, pigs, cows, 
horses, etc.
Fermented Black Soybeans–Whole Soybeans Fermented with 
Salt–Also called Fermented Black Beans, Salted Black Beans, 
Salty Black Beans, Black Fermented Beans, Black Beans, Black 
Bean Sauce, Black Bean and Ginger Sauce, Chinese Black Beans, 
Preserved Black Beans or Preserved Chinese Black Beans. In 
Chinese (Mandarin): Shi, Doushi, or Douchi (pinyin), Tou-shih, 
Toushih, or Tou-ch’ih (Wade-Giles). Cantonese: Dow see, Dow si, 
Dow-si, Dowsi, or Do shih. In Japan: Hamanatto, Daitokuji Natto, 
Shiokara Natto, or Tera Natto. In the Philippines: Tausi or Taosi / 
Tao-si. In Malaysia or Thailand: Tao si. In Indonesia: Tao dji, Tao-
dji, or Tao-djie 382, 633
Fermented tofu. See Tofu, Fermented
Fermented whole soybeans. See Natto, Dawa-dawa, Kinema, Thua-
nao
Ferruzzi-Montedison (Italy). Purchased Central Soya Co. (USA) in 
Oct. 1987. European crushing operations renamed Cereol on 1 Jan. 
1990. Cereol acquired by Bunge in April 2003 721, 734, 871, 923
Fertilizer, soybean meal used as. See Soybean Meal / Cake, Fiber 
(as from Okara), or Shoyu Presscake as a Fertilizer or Manure for 
the Soil
Fiber. See Carbohydrates–Dietary Fiber
Fiber–Okara or Soy Pulp, the Residue Left from Making Soymilk 
or Tofu. Also called Bean Curd Residue, Soybean Curd Residue, 
Dou-fu-zha (Pinyin) 680, 877
Fiber, Soy–Bran (Pulverized Soybean Hulls / Seed Coats) and Other 
Uses of Soybean Hulls 569, 578, 582, 680, 747, 759
Fiber–Soy Cotyledon Fiber / Polysaccharides (from Making Soy 
Protein Isolates) 563, 569, 570, 578, 588, 680
Fiber, Soy–General, for Food Use (Speciﬁ c Type Unknown) 985
Fibers (Artiﬁ cial Wool or Textiles Made from Spun Soy Protein 
Fiber, Including Azlon, Soylon, and Soy Silk / Soysilk)–Industrial 
Uses of Soy Proteins 583, 666
Fires or explosions. See Soybean Crushing–Explosions and/or Fires 
in Soybean Solvent Extraction Plants

=== PAGE 386 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   386
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Flatulence or Intestinal Gas–Caused by Complex Sugars (As the 
Oligosaccharides Rafﬁ nose and Stachyose in Soybeans), by Fiber, 
or by Lactose in Milk 617
Flavor / Taste Problems and Ways of Solving Them (Especially 
Beany Off-Flavors in Soy Oil, Soymilk, Tofu, Whole Dry 
Soybeans, or Soy Protein Products, and Ways of Masking or 
Eliminating Them) 583, 606
Flax plant or ﬂ axseed. See Linseed Oil, Linseed Cake / Meal, or the 
Flax / Flaxseed Plant
Flour, cottonseed. See Cottonseed Flour
Flour, soy. See Soy Flour
Flour, soy–Industrial uses of. See Soy Flour, Industrial Uses of–
Other
Foams for Fighting Fires–Industrial Uses of Soy Proteins (Foam, 
Foaming Agents) 316
Fodder, soybean. See Feeds / Forage from Soybean Plants or Full-
Fat Seeds
Food and Drug Administration (FDA, U.S. Dept. of Health and 
Human Services) 877
Food and Nutrition Service of USDA. See United States 
Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Food and Nutrition Service 
(FNS)
Food Production and Distribution Administration of USDA. See 
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)–War Food 
Administration (WFA)
Food uses of soybeans, breeding for. See Variety Development, 
Breeding, Selection, Evaluation, Growing, or Handling of Soybeans 
for Food Uses
Foodservice and institutional feeding or catering. See School Lunch 
Program
Foodservice and Institutional Feeding or Catering, Including 
Quantity or Bulk Recipes 449, 486, 529, 667, 839
Forage, soybean. See Feeds / Forage from Soybean Plants, Feeds / 
Forage from Soybean Plants or Full-Fat Seeds
Ford, Henry (1863-1947), and His Researchers–Work with Soy–
Robert Boyer, Frank Calvert, William Atkinson, Edsel Ruddiman, 
Bob Smith, Holton W. “Rex” Diamond, and Jan Willemse 28, 40, 
49, 72, 74, 125, 190, 199, 362, 501, 583, 601, 606, 666, 688, 728, 
753, 754, 756, 764, 839, 851, 856, 982
Foreign Agricultural Service of USDA. See United States 
Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Foreign Agricultural Service 
(FAS)
Foundry cores, binder. See Binder for Sand Foundry Cores
Fouts Family of Indiana–Incl. Taylor Fouts (1880-1952), His 
Brothers Noah Fouts (1864-1938) and Finis Fouts (1866-1943), 
Their Soyland Farm (1918-1928), and Their Father Solomon Fouts 
(1826-1907) 14, 16, 115, 430
France. See Europe, Western–France
Frankfurters, hot dogs, or wieners–meatless. See Meat Alternatives–
Meatless Sausages
Franklin, Benjamin (1706-1790; American Statesman and 
Philosopher), Charles Thomson, and the American Philosophical 
Society (APS–Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) 883
French Oil Mill Machinery Co. (Piqua, Ohio). Maker of Soybean 
Crushing Equipment. Also Named French Oil Machinery Co.. 68, 
108, 125, 167, 246, 254, 258, 316, 332, 403, 404, 405, 424, 501, 
645, 739, 743, 744, 847, 944, 954
Frozen desserts, non-dairy. See Soy Ice Cream
Frozen tofu. See Tofu, Frozen, Dried-Frozen, or Dried Whole
Fuji Oil Co., Ltd. (Osaka, Japan), Incl. Fuji Purina Protein Ltd.. 
440, 606, 859
Functional Foods, Nutraceuticals / Nutriceuticals, Designer Foods, 
or Medicinal Foods 812
Funk Brothers Seed Co. (Bloomington, Illinois). Founded in 1901 
by Eugene D. Funk, Sr. (1867-1944). Started selling soybeans in 
1903. Started Crushing Soybeans in 1924. Renamed Funk Seeds 
International, Inc. by 1972. Controlled by Ciba-Geigy by 1974 33, 
124, 162, 316, 430, 546, 607, 634, 695
Ganmodoki. See Tofu, Fried
Gardner, Henry A. See Paint Manufacturers’ Association of the U.S.
Gas, intestinal. See Flatulence or Intestinal Gas
Genealogy and Family History. See Also: Obituaries, Biographies 
387, 471, 688, 723, 986
General Mills, Inc. (Minneapolis, Minneapolis) 87, 102, 113, 162, 
190, 199, 269, 300, 316, 330, 332, 362, 380, 381, 404, 429, 440, 
447, 456, 457, 465, 471, 480, 481, 484, 491, 508, 514, 529, 579, 
581, 583, 589, 601, 606, 617, 666, 728, 739, 754, 756, 764, 851, 
859, 922, 932, 933, 1018
Genetic Engineering, Transgenics, Recombinant DNA, Transgenic 
Plants and Biotechnology / Biotech 609, 804, 827, 852, 879, 976
Germany
. See Europe, Western–Germany
Glidden Co. (The) (Chicago, Illinois, and Cleveland, Ohio). Incl. 
Durkee Famous Foods. See also: Julian, Percy 28, 40, 74, 113, 125, 
162, 167, 190, 199, 269, 380, 484, 501, 529, 532, 608, 677, 738, 
753, 839, 851, 855

=== PAGE 387 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   387
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Global Warming, Climate Change and Greenhouse Gases as 
Environmental Issues 988, 991
Gluten. See Wheat Gluten
Glycerine, explosives made from. See Explosives Made from 
Glycerine
Golbitz, Peter. See Soyatech (Bar Harbor, Maine)
Gold Kist, Inc. (Georgia) 360, 392, 396, 402, 443, 467, 474, 484, 
500, 517, 532, 545, 546, 550, 555, 557, 561, 562, 593, 602, 603, 
608, 610, 624, 625, 647, 670, 690, 747, 761, 768, 878, 932, 978
Government policies and programs effecting soybeans. See Policies 
and programs
Grades and grading of soybeans. See Seed Quality of Soybeans–
Condition, Grading, and Grades (Moisture, Foreign Material, 
Damage, etc.)
Grain Farmers of Ontario (GFO). See Ontario Soybean Growers 
(Canada)
Grain Processing Corporation (GPC–Muscatine, Iowa) 380, 471, 
480, 484, 532, 582, 589, 600, 627, 629, 649, 680, 764, 851, 859
Green Manure, Use of Soybeans as, by Plowing / Turning In 
/ Under a Crop of Immature / Green Soybean Plants for Soil 
Improvement 580
Green Vegetable Soybeans–Large-Seeded Vegetable-Type or Edible 
Soybeans, General Information About, Not Including Use As Green 
Vegetable Soybeans 775
Green Vegetable Soybeans–The Word Edamame (Japanese-Style, 
in the Pods), Usually Grown Using Vegetable-Type Soybeans–
Appearance in European-Language Documents 382, 998
Green Vegetable Soybeans, Usually Grown Using Vegetable-Type 
Soybeans 382, 596, 998
Grifﬁ th Laboratories (Chicago and Alsip, Illinois) 316, 444, 447, 
449, 456, 457, 465, 471, 480, 481, 491, 496, 582, 596, 728, 764, 
859
Grits, roasted soy. See Roasted Whole Soy Flour (Kinako–Dark 
Roasted with Dry Heat, Full-Fat) and Grits
Groundnuts. See Peanut, Peanuts
Gunther Products, Inc. (Galesburg, Illinois. Founded by J.K. 
Gunter in 1949. Started in 1950. Acquired in April 1995 by Quest 
International, a Unit of Unilever) 316, 851, 859
Haberlandt, Friedrich J. (1826-1878, Hochschule fuer Bodencultur, 
Vienna, Austria) 856
Hackleman, Jay C. (1888-1970, Extension Agronomist, Univ. of 
Illinois) 11, 17, 18, 20, 21, 115, 430
Hamanatto Fermented Black Soybeans–from Japan. In Japan called 
Hamanatto or (formerly) Hamananatto 382
Hamanatto / Hamananatto. See Hamanatto Fermented Black 
Soybeans–from Japan
Hansa Muehle AG. See Oelmuehle Hamburg AG (Hamburg, 
Germany)
Hansa Muehle / Hansa Mühle (The Hansa Mill) and Hanseatische 
Muehlenwerke AG. Incl. the Work of Hermann Bollmann and 
Bruno Rewald, PhD 28, 40, 124, 125, 167, 501, 695, 855, 856
Harburger Oelwerke Brinckmann und Mergell (Harburg, near 
Hamburg, Germany) 856
Hartwig, Edgar Emerson (1913-1996, North Carolina and 
Mississippi). Soybean Breeder for the U.S. South 557
Harvesting and Threshing Soybeans (Including Use of Chemical 
Defoliation and Defoliants to Facilitate Harvesting) 13, 16, 18, 20
Hawaii. See United States–States–Hawaii
Hay, soybean. See Feeds / Forage from Soybean Plants–Hay
Health claims. See Claim or Claims of Health Beneﬁ ts–Usually 
Authorized by the FDA
Health Foods Movement and Industry in the United States–General 
(Started in the 1880s by Seventh-day Adventists) 316
Heart disease and diet. See Cardiovascular Disease, Especially 
Heart Disease and Stroke
Hemp Oil or Hempseed Oil (from the seeds of Cannabis sativa) 865
Hemp (Cannabis sativa)–Used as a Source of Fiber for Textiles or 
Paper, Protein (Edestin), or Seeds (Asanomi). Includes Marijuana 
/ Marihuana. See 
Also Hemp Oil or Hempseed Oil. Does NOT 
include Wild Hemp (Sesbania macrocarpa) or Sunn Hemp 
(Crotolaria juncea) or Manila hemp (Musa textilis, a species of 
plantain) 78, 666
Herbicides. See Weeds–Control and Herbicide Use
Hexane. See Solvents
Historical–Documents on Soybeans or Soyfoods Published from 
1900 to 1923 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 
18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28
Historical–Earliest Document Seen Containing a Particular Word, 
Term, or Phrase 19, 98, 342, 440, 447, 476, 548, 583, 595, 705, 721, 
775, 796, 869
Historical–Earliest Document Seen on a Particular Subject 11, 12, 
13, 14, 16, 19, 21, 41, 42, 51, 55, 88, 90, 98, 105, 108, 109, 113, 

=== PAGE 388 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   388
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
124, 127, 133, 162, 178, 199, 211, 215, 225, 230, 264, 308, 320, 
322, 325, 334, 342, 351, 369, 383, 385, 391, 399, 429, 435, 443, 
478, 482, 487, 545, 573, 609, 634, 636, 664, 669, 698, 737
Historical–Earliest Document Seen on a Particular Subject 2, 11, 
12, 36, 51, 55, 90, 103, 105, 108, 133, 190, 212, 230, 305, 320, 334, 
351, 391, 392, 429, 545, 609, 636, 669, 698
Historically Important Events, Trends, or Publications 381, 514, 
670, 678, 682, 694, 705, 707, 759, 762, 766, 861, 950, 1000
History–Chronology. See Chronology / Timeline
History. See also Historical–Earliest..., Biography, Chronology / 
Timeline, and Obituaries 1, 28, 33, 35, 40, 41, 42, 44, 47, 115, 124, 
127, 167, 178, 252, 260, 265, 270, 274, 276, 322, 359, 361, 362, 
373, 382, 383, 387, 395, 404, 405, 418, 430, 443, 460, 463, 465, 
476, 482, 494, 499, 501, 502, 534, 535, 557, 571, 577, 580, 587, 
598, 601, 602, 604, 605, 610, 615, 616, 618, 663, 664, 666, 667, 
669, 670, 672, 677, 683, 695, 706, 715, 717, 719, 722, 723, 728, 
729, 730, 737, 738, 753, 754, 756, 769, 779, 784, 792, 802, 819, 
823, 825, 831, 851, 853, 854, 855, 856, 866, 871, 881, 882, 883, 
906, 921, 922, 929, 931, 932, 933, 934, 935, 936, 942, 943, 944, 
947, 948, 953, 960, 964, 965, 966, 967, 968, 969, 970, 971, 972, 
978, 982, 1000, 1013, 1021, 1022
Hogging down soybeans. See Forage from Soybean Plants–
Hogging Down
Hohnen Oil Co., Ltd. (Tokyo, Japan). Also spelled Hônen or Honen. 
Formerly Suzuki Shoten (Suzuki & Co.) 373
Holland. See Europe, Western–Netherlands
Honeymead (Mankato, Minnesota)–Cooperative 318, 319, 320, 
321, 322, 323, 325, 328, 329, 330, 331, 335, 336, 337, 338, 339, 
340, 341, 343, 344, 345, 346, 347, 348, 349, 358, 359, 370, 372, 
380, 382, 384, 387, 388, 389, 393, 397, 398, 404, 405, 419, 436, 
441, 443, 458, 460, 468, 481, 484, 506, 510, 511, 515, 516, 519, 
525, 526, 528, 532, 544, 547, 576, 577, 589, 602, 603, 608, 610, 
616, 624, 625, 626, 630, 650, 651, 664, 669, 670, 688, 709, 715, 
719, 721, 723, 728, 729, 730, 739, 768, 777, 780, 786, 802, 816, 
833, 845, 857, 858, 859, 881, 882, 903, 922, 932, 933, 972, 978, 
986
Honeymead Products Co. (Cedar Rapids, Spencer, and Washington, 
Iowa, 1938-1945. Then Mankato, Minnesota, 1948-1960). See also 
Andreas Family 74, 102, 113, 125, 163, 167, 190, 198, 199, 269, 
300, 316, 320, 321, 322, 325, 387, 458, 460, 616, 618, 669, 688, 
719, 723, 730, 738, 881
Hong Kong. See Asia, East–Hong Kong
Hormones from soybeans. See Sterols or Steroid Hormones
Horses, Ponies, Mules, Donkeys or Asses Fed Soybeans, Soybean 
Forage, or Soybean Cake or Meal as Feed 16
Horvath, Artemy / Arthemy Alexis (1886-1979) and Horvath 
Laboratories. See also Soya Corporation of America and Dr. 
Armand Burke 190
Hulls, soybean, uses. See Fiber, Soy
Human Nutrition–Human Trials 330
Hydraulic presses. See Soybean Crushing–Equipment–Hydraulic 
Presses
Hydrogenated Products (Margarine, Shortening, Soy Oil) Industry 
and Market Statistics, Trends, and Analyses–By Geographical 
Region 493
Hydrogenation. See Margarine, Margarine, Shortening, Trans Fatty 
Acids, Vanaspati, also Margarine and Shortening
Hydrogenation–General, Early History, and the Process. Soy is Not 
Mentioned 493, 695
Hydrogenation of Soybean Oil, Soy Fatty Acids, or Soy Lecithin 
13, 47, 125, 316, 358, 370, 372, 513, 519, 618, 694, 724, 730, 765, 
832, 848, 858
Ice cream, soy. See Soy Ice Cream
Identity Preserved / Preservation 765, 874, 879, 900, 975, 976, 997
Illinois. See United States–States–Illinois
Illumination or Lighting by Burning Soy Oil in Wicked Oil Lamps 
Like Kerosene–Industrial Uses of Soy Oil as a Non-Drying Oil 16
Illustrations Published after 1923. See also Photographs 38, 91, 
125, 178, 189, 220, 254, 324, 327, 364, 367, 452, 464, 478, 514, 
545, 550, 555, 657, 688, 718, 740, 746, 747, 769, 801, 825, 882, 
929, 934, 1021
Implements, agricultural. See Machinery (Agricultural), 
Implements, Equipment and Mechanization
Important Documents #1–The Very Most Important 2, 11, 12, 14, 
21, 36, 42, 51, 55, 88, 90, 98, 103, 105, 108, 109, 115, 125, 127, 
133, 178, 190, 211, 212, 215, 225, 230, 305, 308, 320, 325, 330, 
334, 342, 351, 369, 373, 383, 385, 391, 392, 399, 429, 435, 443, 
460, 478, 482, 487, 489, 490, 491, 501, 545, 573, 586, 591, 609, 
618, 624, 625, 634, 636, 664, 669, 695, 698, 703, 761, 780, 783, 
826, 978, 1000
Important Documents #2–The Next Most Important 13, 19, 582, 
606, 617, 660, 688, 728
Imports. See Trade of Soybeans, Oil & Meal, or see Individual 
Soyfoods Imported
India. See Asia, South–India
Indiana. See United States–States–Indiana
Indiana Soy Pioneers. See Central Soya Co., Fouts Family, Meharry

=== PAGE 389 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   389
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Indonesia. See Asia, Southeast–Indonesia
Industrial uses of soy oil. See Fatty Acids for Non-Drying or Drying 
Applications (As in Hot-Melt Glues or the Curing Component of 
Epoxy Glues)
Industrial uses of soy oil as a drying oil. See Adhesives, Asphalt 
Preservation Agents, Caulking Compounds, Artiﬁ cial Leather, and 
Other Minor or General Uses, Ink for Printing, Paints, Varnishes, 
Enamels, Lacquers, and Other Protective / Decorative Coatings, 
Rubber Substitutes or Artiﬁ cial / Synthetic Rubber (Factice)
Industrial uses of soy oil as a non-drying oil. See Lubricants, 
Lubricating Agents, and Axle Grease for Carts
Industrial Uses of Soy Oil–Etymology of Related Terms and Their 
Cognates / Relatives in Various Languages 796
Industrial Uses of Soy Oil (General) 9, 49
Industrial uses of soy proteins. See Fibers (Artiﬁ cial Wool or 
Textiles Made from Spun Soy Protein Fibers, Including Azlon, 
Soylon, and Soy Silk / Soysilk), Foams for Fighting Fires, Paper 
Coatings or Sizings, or Textile Sizing, Plastics (Including Molded 
Plastic Parts, Plastic Film, Disposable Eating Utensils and 
Tableware–From Spoons to Plates, and Packaging Materials)
Industrial uses of soy proteins (including soy ﬂ our). See Adhesives 
or Glues for Plywood, Other Woods, Wallpaper, or Building 
Materials
Industrial uses of soybeans. See Chemurgy, the Farm Chemurgic 
Movement, and the Farm Chemurgic Council (USA, 1930s to 
1950s) Including, Lecithin, Soy–Industrial Uses, New Uses 
Movement (USA, starting 1987), Successor to the Farm Chemurgic 
Movement (1930s to 1950s), Soy Flour, Industrial Uses of–Other, 
Soybean Meal / Cake, Fiber (as from Okara), or Shoyu Presscake as 
a Fertilizer or Manure for the Soil
Industrial Uses of Soybeans (General Non-Food, Non-Feed) 125, 
233, 362, 512, 728
Industrial Uses of Soybeans (Non-Food, Non-Feed)–Industry and 
Market Statistics, Trends, and Analyses–By Geographical Region 
777, 790, 911, 980, 1004, 1010, 1011
Industrial Uses of Soybeans (Non-Food, Non-Feed)–Industry and 
Market Statistics, Trends, and Analyses–Larger Companies (Ford 
Motor Co., I.F. Laucks, O’Brien Varnish Co., The Drackett Co., 
ADM, General Mills, etc.) 749, 776
Industry and Market Analyses and Statistics–Market Studies 536, 
687, 865
Information. See Computers (General) and Computer Hardware 
Related to Soybean Production and Marketing. See also: Computer 
Software
Information, computerized. See Computerized Databases and 
Information Services, and Websites, Websites or Information on the 
World Wide Web or Internet
Ink for Printing–Industrial Uses of Soy Oil as a Drying Oil 13, 16, 
230, 717, 777, 877
Inoculum / inocula of nitrogen ﬁ xing bacteria for soybeans. See 
Nitrogen Fixing Cultures
Insects–Pest Control. See also: Integrated Pest Management 17, 726
Institutional feeding. See Foodservice and Institutional Feeding or 
Catering
Interchem Industries (Kansas). See Diesel Fuel, SoyDiesel, 
Biodiesel–Interchem
Intercropping–use of soybeans in. See Cropping Systems: 
Intercropping, Interplanting, or Mixed Cropping
International Nutrition Laboratory. See Miller, Harry W. (M.D.) 
(1879-1977)
International soybean programs. See INTSOY–International 
Soybean Program (Univ. of Illinois, Urbana, Illinois), United 
Nations (Including UNICEF, FAO, UNDP, UNESCO, and 
UNRRA) Work with Soy
Internet. See Websites or Information on the World Wide Web
INTSOY–International Soybean Program (Univ. of Illinois, Urbana, 
Illinois). Founded July 1973. Initially (from 1971) named Program 
for International Research, Improvement and Development of 
Soybeans (PIRIDS) 847
Iodine number. See Soy Oil Constants–Iodine Number
Iowa. See United States–States–Iowa
Iowa State University / College (Ames, Iowa), and Univ. of Iowa 
(Iowa City) 40, 728
Irradiation of Soybeans for Breeding and Variety Development 
(Usually Gamma Irradiation to Cause Mutations) 765
Isoﬂ avones. See Estrogens (in Plants–Phytoestrogens, Especially 
in Soybeans and Soyfoods), Including Isoﬂ avones 
(Including 
Genistein, Daidzein, Glycetein, Coumestrol, Genistin, and Daidzin)
Isoﬂ avones in soybeans and soyfoods. See Estrogens, Incl. 
Genistein, Daidzein, etc.
Isoﬂ avones (Soy) Industry and Market Statistics, Trends, and 
Analyses–Individual Companies 812
Isolated soy proteins. See Soy Proteins–Isolates
Israel. See Asia, Middle East–Israel and Judaism
Ito San soybean variety. See Soybean Varieties USA–Ito San

=== PAGE 390 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   390
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Ivory Coast. See Africa–Côte d’Ivoire
Jacob Hartz Seed Co. (Stuttgart, Arkansas). Founded by Jacob 
Hartz, Sr. (1888-1963) in 1942. Continued by Jake Hartz, Jr. 
(1920- ). Acquired by Monsanto in April 1983. Headquarters at Des 
Moines, Iowa, since Jan. 1998 300, 316, 332, 430, 546, 580, 765, 
772, 773, 775, 778, 832
Japan. See Asia, East–Japan
Japanese Overseas, Especially Work with Soy or Macrobiotics 979
Johannes, Kenlon. See Diesel Fuel, SoyDiesel, Biodiesel
Johnson Family of Stryker, Williams County, Ohio. Including (1) 
Edward Franklin “E.F. Soybean” Johnson (1889-1961) of Johnson 
Seed Farms (Stryker, Ohio), Delphos Grain and Soya Processing 
Co. (Ohio), and Ralston Purina Company (Missouri); (2) Elmer 
Solomon Johnson (1879-1920); (3) Perhaps E.C. Johnson and Hon. 
Solomon Johnson (1850-1918) 430, 557
Julian, Percy (African-American Organic Chemist). See also 
Glidden Company 855
Kellogg Co. (breakfast cereals; Battle Creek, Michigan). See 
Kellogg, Will Keith,... Kellogg Company
Kellogg, John Harvey (M.D.) (1852-1943), Sanitas Food Co., 
Sanitas Nut Food Co., Battle Creek Sanitarium Health Food Co., 
and Battle Creek Food Co. (Battle Creek, Michigan). Battle Creek 
Foods Was Acquired by Worthington Foods in 1960 583, 666
Kellogg, Will Keith (1860-1951), Kellogg’s Toasted Corn Flake Co. 
Later Kellogg Company (of breakfast cereal fame; Battle Creek, 
Michigan) 666
Kidney / Renal Function 1015
Kikkoman Corporation (Tokyo, Walworth, Wisconsin; and 
Worldwide). Incl. Noda Shoyu Co. and Kikkoman International 
Inc., and Kikkoman Shoyu Co.. 859
Kinako. See Roasted Whole Soy Flour (Kinako–Dark Roasted with 
Dry Heat, Full-Fat) and Grits
Korea. See Asia, East–Korea
Kosher Products (Commercial) 381
Kraft Foods Inc. (Work with Soy). Including Anderson Clayton, 
Boca Burger, and Balance Bar 199, 269, 380, 464, 484, 491, 589, 
859
Land O’Lakes, Inc.. 1, 178, 360, 418, 423, 429, 443, 450, 463, 464, 
469, 484, 500, 505, 530, 532, 550, 553, 561, 562, 573, 574, 578, 
579, 581, 582, 585, 591, 592, 594, 595, 596, 597, 599, 600, 601, 
602, 603, 607, 608, 609, 610, 611, 618, 619, 622, 623, 624, 625, 
627, 628, 629, 632, 636, 638, 639, 642, 644, 647, 649, 655, 657, 
660, 663, 670, 680, 698, 704, 717, 726, 733, 736, 739, 740, 749, 
763, 767, 768, 776, 792, 801, 827, 859, 863, 866, 882, 909, 922, 
924, 929, 930, 932, 933, 935, 936, 937, 943, 978, 982, 996, 1002, 
1007, 1016, 1017, 1018, 1021
Large-seeded soybeans. See Green Vegetable Soybeans–Large-
Seeded Vegetable-Type or Edible Soybeans
Latin America–Caribbean–Cuba 867
Latin America–Caribbean or West Indies (General) 766, 864
Latin America–Central America–Belize (Named British Honduras 
from 1840 to about 1975, Belize before 1840) 308
Latin America–Central America–Guatemala 983
Latin America–Central America–Honduras 983
Latin America–Central America–Mexico 483, 485, 624, 698, 819, 
825, 955
Latin America–Central America–Mexico–Soy Ingredients Used in 
Mexican-Style Recipes, Food Products, or Dishes Worldwide 491, 
608, 610
Latin America–South America–Argentina (Argentine Republic) 
586, 602, 624, 672, 761, 923, 982, 989
Latin America–South America–Argentina–Soybean Production, 
Area and Stocks–Statistics, Trends, and Analyses 761
Latin America–South America–Bolivia 308, 906
Latin America–South America–Brazil, Federative Republic of 440, 
458, 467, 477, 532, 554, 586, 608, 618, 624, 644, 647, 672, 688, 
753, 761, 861, 882, 888, 923, 934, 982, 989
Latin America–South America (General) 483
Latin America–South America–Paraguay 672
Latin America–South America–Peru 462
Latin America–South America–Venezuela 791, 846, 975, 984, 997
Laucks (I.F.) Co. (Seattle, Washington). Founded by Irving Fink 
Laucks (3 July 1882 to 9 March 1981) 74, 113, 125, 190
Lauhoff Grain Co. See Bunge Corp. (White Plains, New York)
Lauhoff Grain Co. (Danville, Illinois). Afﬁ liate of Bunge Corp. 
since June 1979. Named Lauhoff Soya Co. in 1960 269, 300, 316, 
332, 380, 457, 465, 471, 480, 481, 484, 491, 532, 582, 617, 692, 
764, 859
Lecithin companies. See American Lecithin Corp., Lucas Meyer 
GmbH (Hamburg, Germany), Ross & Rowe (Yelkin Lecithin, New 
York City)
Lecithin–Etymology of This Term and Its Cognates / Relatives in 
Various Languages 721

=== PAGE 391 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   391
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Lecithin Industry and Market Statistics, Trends, and Analyses–By 
Geographical Region 721
Lecithin Industry and Market Statistics, Trends, and Analyses–
Individual Companies 699, 721
Lecithin, Soy 40, 49, 125, 199, 230, 269, 316, 328, 329, 333, 359, 
367, 368, 376, 380, 394, 419, 451, 484, 501, 513, 532, 582, 593, 
596, 608, 624, 662, 676, 689, 691, 694, 696, 699, 709, 712, 721, 
783, 816, 845, 847, 855, 856, 878, 901, 989
Lecithin, Soy–Industrial Uses 125, 359, 662, 783
Legislative activities. See American Soybean Association (ASA)–
Legislative Activities
Lever Brothers Co. See Unilever Corp.
Lighting by burning soy oil. See Illumination or Lighting by 
Burning Soy Oil in Wicked Oil Lamps Like Kerosene
Linolenic Acid and Linolenate Content of Soybeans and Soybean 
Products. See also Omega-3 Fatty Acids 772
Linoleum, Floor Coverings, Oilcloth, and Waterproof Goods–
Industrial Uses of Soy Oil as a Drying Oil 13, 16, 230
Linseed Oil, Linseed Cake / Meal, Linseed, Lintseed, or the Flax / 
Flaxseed Plant (Linum usitatissimum L.) 13, 16, 28, 40, 124, 362, 
366, 404, 405, 511, 618, 624, 625, 666, 669, 695, 705, 707, 723, 
865
Lipid and Fatty Acid Composition of Soybeans (Seeds or Plant), 
or Soybean Products (Including Soy Oil), and Lipids in the Human 
Diet 695, 772, 773
Lipids. See Linolenic Acid and Linolenate
Lipolytic enzymes in the soybean. See Enzymes in the Soybean–
Lipoxygenase and Its Inactivation
Lipoxygenase. See Enzymes in the Soybean–Lipoxygenase and Its 
Inactivation
Loma Linda Foods (Riverside, California). Named La Loma Foods 
from Feb. 1989 to Jan. 1990. Acquired by Worthington Foods in 
Jan. 1990 606, 617, 627, 728, 754, 756, 859
Los Angeles–City and County–Work with Soyfoods, Natural / 
Health Foods, and / or Vegetarianism 473, 545, 617
Low-cost extrusion cookers. See Extruders and Extrusion Cooking
Lubricants, Lubricating Agents, and Axle Grease for Carts–
Industrial Uses of Soy Oil as a Non-Drying Oil 16, 359, 814
Lucas Meyer GmbH (Hamburg, Germany). Founded 1973. 
Acquired Oct. 2000 by Degussa AG of Germany. Acquired in 2006 
by Cargill 627, 721, 847, 855
Lucerne / lucern. See Alfalfa or Lucerne
Machinery (Agricultural), Implements, Equipment, and 
Mechanization (Binders, Cultivators, Cutters, Harvesters, Mowers, 
Pickers, Planters, Reapers, Separators, Thrashers, or Threshers). See 
also: Combines and Tractors 13, 18, 20, 683
Machinery, farm. See Combines
Maize. See Corn / Maize
Malnutrition Matters (Ottawa, Ontario, Canada). Non-Proﬁ t 
Organization. Founded in 2000 by Frank Daller and Brian Herrigan 
983
Manchu soybean variety. See Soybean Varieties USA–Manchu
Manchuria. See Asia, East–Manchuria
Map / Maps 133, 356, 382, 395, 498, 837, 929, 1021
Maple Leaf Foods. See CanAmera Foods (Hamilton, Ontario, 
Canada)
Maple Leaf Monarch or Maple Leaf Mills. See ADM Agri-
Industries Ltd. (Windsor, Ontario, Canada)
Margarine 9, 13, 47, 125, 203, 316, 441, 493, 624, 691, 695
Margarine Made with Soy 16, 98, 113, 139, 239, 370, 464, 477, 
544, 547, 616, 669, 719, 783, 865, 876, 882, 906
Margarine Made without Soy Oil 397
Market statistics. See the speciﬁ c product concerned, e.g. Tofu 
Industry and Market Statistics
Market statistics on soybean production. See Soybean Production 
and Trade–Industry and Market Statistics,
Market studies. See Industry and Market Analyses
Marketing soybeans. See Chicago Board of Trade
Marketing Soybeans, Market Development, and Economics 
(Including Futures Markets, Hedging, and Mathematical Models) 
47, 266, 298, 369, 391, 422, 524, 545, 687, 700, 771, 780, 947, 998
Marketing–Soyfoods and Soy Products 407, 490, 491
Markets and Crop Estimates, Bureau of. See United States 
Department of 
Agriculture (USDA)–Bureau of Agricultural 
Economics
Massachusetts. See United States–States–Massachusetts
Maturity groups. See Soybean–Physiology and Biochemistry–
Maturity Groups

=== PAGE 392 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   392
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Meal or cake, soybean. See Soybean Meal
Meals for Millions Foundation (Los Angeles, California), Multi-
Purpose Food (MPF), and Freedom from Hunger 362, 859
Meat Alternatives–Commercial Products (Meatlike Meatless Meat, 
Poultry, or Fish / Seafood Analogs. See Also Meat Extenders) 566
Meat alternatives companies. See Yves Veggie Cuisine (Vancouver, 
BC, Canada)
Meat Alternatives–Documents About (Meatlike Meatless Meat, 
Poultry, or Fish / Seafood Analogs. See Also Meat Extenders) 440, 
588
Meat Alternatives–General and Other Meatless Meatlike Products. 
See Also Meat Extenders 575, 601
Meat Alternatives–Industry and Market Statistics, Trends, and 
Analyses–By Geographical Region 761
Meat Alternatives–Meatless Bacon, Bacon Bits, Ham, Chorizo, and 
Other Pork-related Products. See also Meatless Sausages 381, 429, 
456, 457, 529, 579, 606, 666, 728, 754, 756, 851
Meat Alternatives–Meatless Burgers and Patties. See Also Meat 
Extenders 718, 754, 761, 877
Meat Alternatives–Meatless Chicken, Goose, Duck, and Related 
Poultry Products. See also Meatless Turkey 579, 754, 756
Meat Alternatives–Meatless Sausages (Including Frankfurters, Hot 
Dogs, Wieners, Salami, Pepperoni, Breakfast Pork Sausage, etc.). 
See Also Meat Extenders 579, 754, 877
Meat Alternatives–Meatless Turkey 543, 756
Meat Alternatives or Substitutes, Meatless or Meatlike Products–
Etymology of This Term and Its Cognates / Relatives in Various 
Languages 595
Meat Products Extended with Soy Protein, or Meat Extenders 
(Marketed as Such) 437, 471, 477, 491, 543, 606, 623, 812
Medical aspects of soybeans. See Diabetes and Diabetic Diets, 
Kidney / Renal Function
Meharry, Charles Leo (1885-1937), the A.P. Meharry Farms (One 
Near Tolono, Champaign County, Illinois, and Three in Indiana), 
and William E. Riegel, Meharry Farm Manager and Independent 
Soybean Grower in Tolono, Illinois 21, 115, 430
Mesoamerica. See Latin America–Central America
Mexican-style recipes, soyfoods used in. See Latin America, Central 
America–Mexico
Mexico. See Latin America, Central America–Mexico
Michigan. See United States–States–Michigan
MicroSoy Corporation (Jefferson, Iowa; Osaka, Japan). Formerly 
Nichii Co. and MYCAL Corp.. 979
Middle America. See Latin America, Central America, and Latin 
America, Caribbean or West Indies
Miles Laboratories. See Worthington Foods, Inc. (Worthington, 
Ohio)
Milk, almond. See Almond Milk and Cream. Also–Almonds Used 
to Flavor Soymilk, Rice Milk, etc.
Milk, soy. See Soymilk
Miller, Harry W. (M.D.) (1879-1977) and International Nutrition 
Laboratory (Mt. Vernon, Ohio) 728
Minnesota. See United States–States–Minnesota
Miso (Japanese-style Soybean Paste). See also: Jiang–for Chinese-
style Miso. Jang–for Korean-style Miso. And Taucho, Tauceo, Tau 
Chiow, Taoco, Tao-Tjo, Taotjo, Taocho, or Taoetjo for Indonesian-
style Miso (Soybean Chiang, or Jiang [pinyin]) 382, 775, 778, 998
Missouri. See United States–States–Missouri
Missouri Farmers Association (MFA), Mexico and Columbia, 
Missouri–Cooperative Soybean Crushers 84, 86, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 
94, 95, 96, 99, 104, 141, 153, 154, 155, 162, 163, 177, 190, 196, 
208, 214, 217, 260, 264, 375, 380, 394, 418, 422, 439, 443, 484, 
502, 532, 545, 557, 571, 602, 603, 608, 610, 635, 658, 661, 665, 
683, 784, 854, 932, 973, 978
Monsanto Co. (St. Louis, Missouri) and its HybriTech Seed 
International subsidiary. Acquired Jacob Hartz Seed Co. in April 
1983. Acquired Asgrow in Feb. 1997. Merged with Pharmacia & 
Upjohn on 31 March 2000 and was renamed Pharmacia Corp 162, 
330, 346, 634, 765, 768, 772, 773, 775, 778, 827, 832, 839, 847, 
849, 852, 925, 929, 946, 952, 955, 958, 966, 975, 976, 977, 1008, 
1021
Moorman Manufacturing Co. See Quincy Soybean Products Co. 
(Quincy, Illinois)
Morinaga Nutritional Foods, Inc., and Morinaga Nyûgyô (Torrance, 
California, and Tokyo, Japan) 877
Morse, William Joseph (1884-1959, USDA Soybean Expert) 9, 11, 
13, 17, 18, 20, 23, 115, 430, 666, 695
Mull-Soy. See Borden Inc.
Naphtha solvents for extraction. See Solvents
National Biodiesel Board (NBB). Formerly named National Soy 
Fuels Advisory Committee (NSFAC) (May 1992–Dec. 1992) and 
National SoyDiesel Development Board (NSDB) (Dec. 1992–Sept. 
1994). See also Soy Diesel Fuel, SoyDiesel, or Biodiesel 732, 737, 
748, 751, 762, 770, 774, 787, 811, 834, 870, 908, 914, 939, 953, 

=== PAGE 393 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   393
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
964, 965, 966, 980, 1010, 1013
National Center for Agricultural Utilization Research (NCAUR) 
(USDA-ARS) (Peoria, Illinois). Named Northern Regional 
Research Laboratory prior to July 1976. Named Northern Regional 
Research Center prior to 28 Dec. 1991 74, 124, 125, 190, 194, 195, 
197, 204, 206, 207, 264, 265, 316, 330, 408, 429, 442, 445, 469, 
470, 483, 490, 491, 502, 550, 574, 598, 601, 649, 652, 729, 859
National Oilseed Processors Assoc. (NOPA) (National Soybean 
Oil Manufacturers Association from May 1930 to 1935; National 
Soybean Processors Assoc. (NSPA) from June 1936 to July 1989. 
Washington, DC. Including Soy Flour Assoc. [1936-1949], Soya 
Food Research Council [1936+], and Soybean Nutritional Research 
Council [1937+]) 47, 102, 113, 125, 199, 204, 269, 316, 369, 380, 
419, 449, 484, 492, 494, 532, 557, 568, 603, 608, 705, 707, 708, 
709, 712, 762, 774, 787, 816, 845, 846, 927, 944, 1006, 1016
National Soybean Crop Improvement Council. Organized March 
1948 268, 269, 330, 331, 380, 484, 532, 557, 608
National SoyDiesel Development Board or National Soy Fuels 
Advisory Committee. See National Biodiesel Board
Natto, Daitokuji / Daitoku-ji natto. See Daitokuji Fermented Black 
Soybeans–from Japan
Natto, Hamana. See Hamanatto Fermented Black Soybeans–from 
Japan
Natto Industry and Market Statistics, Trends, and Analyses–
Individual Companies 765
Natto (Whole Soybeans Fermented with Bacillus natto) 382, 765, 
775, 778, 832, 998
Natural and Health Foods Retail Chains or Supermarkets: Alfalfa’s 
(Mark Retzloff, Boulder, CO), Bread & Circus (Tony Harnett, 
MA), Frazier Farms (Bill Frazier, Southern Calif.), Fresh Fields 
(Rockville, MD), GNC = General Nutrition Corp. (Pittsburgh, 
PA), Mrs. Gooch’s (Los Angeles, CA), Nature Foods Centres 
(Wilmington, MA; Ronald Rossetti), Trader Joe’s, Wild Oats 617
Natural Foods Distributors and Master Distributors (USA). See 
Eden Foods, Inc. (Clinton, Michigan). Founded 4 Nov. 1969
Near East. See Asia, Middle East
Near Infrared Reﬂ ectance (NIR) or Transmittance (NIT) Analysis. 
See Seed, Food or Feed Composition–High-Speed Measurement 
Techniques, such as Near Infrared Reﬂ ectance (NIR) Anlysis and 
Spectrophotometry
Nestlé (Nestle–The World’s Biggest Food Group) 481, 764
Netherlands. See Europe, Western–Netherlands
New Uses Movement (USA, starting 1986)–Industrial Uses of 
Soybeans. Successor to the Farm Chemurgic Movement (1930s 
to 1950s). And Value-Added Industrial Applications. See also: 
Research & Development Centers–USDA-ARS National Center for 
Agricultural Utilization Research (Peoria, Illinois) 736, 774, 781, 
790, 791, 796, 810, 814, 835, 846, 849, 866, 879, 899, 901, 910, 
952, 955, 995, 998, 1003, 1010, 1013
New York. See United States–States–New York
New Zealand. See Oceania–New Zealand
Nichii Company. See Whole Dry Soybean Flakes
Nigeria. See Africa–Nigeria
Nisshin Oil Mills, Ltd. (Tokyo, Japan) 440, 606
Nitrogen Fixation, Inoculum, Inoculation, and Nodulation by 
Rhizobium Bacteria 127, 316, 362, 580, 609
Nitrogen Fixing Cultures / Inoculants (Commercial and 
Noncommercial from government), of Rhizobium Bacteria for 
Soybeans (Culture / Inoculant / Inoculum / Inocula) 300, 316
Noblee & Thoerl GmbH (Hamburg, Germany) 856
Nodulation. See Nitrogen Fixation, Inoculum, Inoculation, and 
Nodulation by Rhizobium Bacteria
Non-dairy products (so-called) made from casein or caseinates. See 
Casein or Caseinates–Problems in So-Called Non-Dairy Products
North America. See United States of America, and Canada. For 
Mexico, see Latin America, Central America
North Carolina. See United States–States–North Carolina
North Iowa Cooperative Processing Association, (Manly, Iowa). 
Opened Sept. 1944. Renamed North Iowa Soybean Cooperative in 
1962. See also Glenn Pogeler 63, 102, 107, 108, 109, 110, 113, 114, 
116, 117, 118, 119, 126, 129, 133, 134, 137, 143, 144, 149, 151, 
162, 183, 184, 185, 190, 192, 199, 203, 204, 246, 258, 262, 264, 
269, 271, 299, 300, 302, 303, 316, 317, 324, 326, 331, 342, 369, 
380, 408, 443, 492, 494, 568, 610, 744, 745, 746, 747, 927, 928, 
978
Northern Regional Research Center (NRRC) (Peoria, Illinois). See 
National Center for Agricultural Utilization Research (NCAUR) 
(USDA-ARS)
Northrup King Co. A subsidiary of Sandoz (1995), then Novartis 
(1996), then Syngenta (2001) 423, 546, 607, 634, 827
Novartis, Including Novartis Seeds. Novartis was formed in March 
1996 by the Merger of Sandoz AG and Ciba-Geigy (both based in 
Basel, Switzerland) 827, 852
Nuclear Power, Weapons, War, Fallout, or Radioactivity Worldwide 
723
Nutraceuticals. See Functional Foods or Nutraceuticals

=== PAGE 394 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   394
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Nutrition. See Carbohydrates–Dietary Fiber, Chemical / Nutritional 
Composition or Analysis, Claim or Claims of Health Beneﬁ ts–
Usually Authorized by the FDA, Flatulence or Intestinal Gas, 
Functional Foods or Nutraceuticals, Human Nutrition–Human 
Trials, Lipid and Fatty Acid Composition of Soy, Protein Quality, 
and Supplementation, Protein Resources and Shortages, and the 
“World Protein Crisis / Gap / Problem” of 1950-1979, Toxins and 
Toxicity in Foods and Feeds–Microorganisms, Especially Bacteria 
that Cause Food Poisoning, Toxins and Toxicity in Foods and 
Feeds–Trichloroethylene Solvent and the Duren / Dueren Disease or 
Poisoning of Cattle / Ruminants, Vitamin E (Tocopherol), Vitamins 
(General)
Nutrition–Biologically active phytochemicals. See Antioxidants, 
Phytic Acid, Phytates, and Phytin, Saponins, Trypsin / Protease / 
Proteinase Growth Inhibitors
Nutrition–Lipids. See Linolenic Acid and Linolenate, Sterols or 
Steroid Hormones
Nutrition–Medical Aspects. See Cancer Preventing Substances in 
Soy, Cardiovascular Disease, Especially Heart Disease and Stroke, 
Diabetes and Diabetic Diets, Kidney / Renal Function
Nutrition–Protein. See Amino Acids and Amino Acid Composition 
and Content
Nuts made from roasted soybeans. See Soynuts
Obituaries, Eulogies, Death Certiﬁ cates, and Wills. See Also: 
Biographies, Biographical Sketches and Autobiographies 304, 355, 
371, 915, 916, 917, 986, 1006
Oceania–Australia, Commonwealth of (Including Tasmania, Cocos 
(Keeling) Islands, Christmas Island, Coral Sea Islands Territory, 
Norfolk Island, Territory of Ashmore and Cartier Islands, and 
Australian Antarctic Territory) 458, 618, 666, 672
Oceania–New Zealand–Including Stewart Island, Chatham Islands, 
Snares Islands, Bounty Islands, and Tokelau (formerly Union 
Islands) 733
Oelmuehle Hamburg AG (Hamburg, Germany). Founded in 1965 
by incorporating Stettiner Oelwerke AG (founded 1910), Toeppfer’s 
Oelwerke GmbH (founded 1915), and Hansa-Muehle AG (founded 
1916 as Hanseatische Muehlenwerke AG) 28, 40, 124, 125, 167, 
501, 532, 608, 690, 695, 709, 761, 816, 818, 856
Off ﬂ avors. See Flavor Taste Problems
Ohio. See United States–States–Ohio
Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative (Henderson, Kentucky). Started 
June 1941 36, 37, 38, 39, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 48, 50, 74, 125, 
130, 135, 156, 162, 190, 197, 198, 199, 220, 239, 240, 242, 245, 
259, 261, 263, 266, 267, 268, 269, 270, 272, 277, 278, 279, 280, 
281, 282, 283, 284, 285, 286, 287, 288, 289, 290, 291, 292, 293, 
294, 295, 296, 297, 306, 307, 308, 314, 315, 443, 498, 587, 838, 
906, 951, 959, 963, 978
Oil or meal, soy, breeding or selection for. See Breeding or 
Selection of Soybeans for Use as Soy Oil or Meal
Oil, soy. See Soy Oil
Oil, soy, constants. See Soy Oil Constants
Oil, soy–industrial uses. See Industrial Uses of Soy Oil
Oil, soy–industrial uses of. See Industrial Uses of Soy Oil, Paint 
Manufacturers’ Association of the U.S., Incl. Henry A. Gardner, 
L.P. Nemzek and Industrial Uses of Soybeans
Oil, soy–industrial uses of, as a drying oil. See Binder for Sand 
Foundry Cores, Industrial Uses of Soy Oil, Linoleum, Floor 
Coverings, Oilcloth, and Waterproof Goods, Resins, Plastics, and 
Plasticizers (Such as Epoxidized Soy Oil–ESO), Rubber Substitutes 
or Artiﬁ cial / Synthetic Rubber (Factice)
Oil, soy, industrial uses of, as a drying oil. See Industrial Uses of 
Soy Oil
Oil, soy–industrial uses of, as a hydrogenated oil. See Candles, 
Crayons, and Soybean Wax
Oil, soy–industrial uses of, as a non-drying oil. See Adjuvants, 
Carriers, and Surfactants for Pesticides, Herbicides, and Other 
Agricultural Chemicals, Diesel Fuel, SoyDiesel, Biodiesel or 
Artiﬁ cial Petroleum, Explosives Made from Glycerine, Illumination 
or Lighting by Burning Soy Oil in Wicked Oil Lamps Like 
Kerosene, Lubricants, Lubricating Agents, and Axle Grease for 
Carts, Release or Curing Agents for Concrete or Asphalt, Industrial 
Solvents, Hydraulic Fluids, and Other Minor or General Uses, 
Soaps or Detergents
Okara. See Fiber–Okara or Soy Pulp
Olive Oil 865
Ontario. See Canadian Provinces and Territories–Ontario
Ontario Soybean Growers (Canada: Name Changes–Ontario 
Soybean Growers Association, Nov. 1946 to 1949. Ontario Soya-
Bean Growers’ Marketing Board, 1949 to 1989. Ontario Soybean 
Growers’ Marketing Board, 1989 to 1 Dec. 1999). Merged into 
Grain Farmers of Ontario 2010 Jan 1 316, 787, 818, 847
Organically Grown Soybeans or Organic Soybean Products in 
Commercial Food Products 793
Ostrander, Ward Adelbert (1888-1953, Purdue Univ., Indiana) 16, 
115, 430
Paint Manufacturers’ Association of the U.S., Incl. Henry A. 
Gardner, L.P. Nemzek and Industrial Uses of Soybeans 12, 27
Paints, Varnishes, Enamels, Lacquers, and Other Protective / 
Decorative Coatings–Industrial Uses of Soy Oil as a Drying Oil 12, 
13, 16, 27, 33, 194, 204, 239, 316, 359, 373, 618, 669, 865, 972

=== PAGE 395 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   395
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Pakistan. See Asia, South–Pakistan
Paper Coatings or Sizings, or Textile Sizing–Industrial Uses of Soy 
Proteins 316, 666, 733
Pasture from soybeans. See Forage from Soybean Plants–Hogging 
Down
Patents–References to a Patent in Non-Patent Documents 167, 381, 
404, 445, 501, 583, 606, 653, 666, 695, 701, 716, 753, 756, 763, 
764, 780, 839
Patties, meatless. See Meat Alternatives–Meatless Burgers and 
Patties
Peanut Brittle–A Brittle Toffee Containing Roasted Peanuts 16
Peanut Butter 547, 851
Peanut Oil 139, 865
Peanut / Peanuts (Arachis hypogaea or A. hypogæa)–Also Called 
Groundnut, Earthnut, Monkey Nut, Goober / Gouber Pea, Ground 
Pea, or Pindar Pea / Pindars 316, 334, 477, 498, 547, 574, 606, 624, 
625, 633, 666, 761, 818, 851
Pellets Made from Soybean Meal or Cake. Also Called Soybean 
Pellets 145, 161, 163, 205, 350, 368, 374, 412, 759, 791
Peoria Plan of 1928-29 for Growing, Selling, and Processing 
Soybeans. Initiated in Illinois by American Milling Co., Funk Bros. 
Co., and Grange League Federation (GLF) Exchange, New York 33
Periodicals–American Soybean Association. See American Soybean 
Association (ASA)–Periodicals
Pesticide carriers and adjuvants. See Adjuvants, Carriers, and 
Surfactants for Pesticides, Herbicides, and Other Agricultural 
Chemicals
Pesticides–their Use and Safety (General) 669
Pet food. See Dogs, Cats, and Other Pets / Companion Animals Fed 
Soy
Peterson Seed Co. (Savage, Minnesota; Waterloo, Iowa) 423
Pﬁ zer, Inc. Including DeKalb-Pﬁ zer Genetics (DeKalb, Illinois) 
from 1982 to 1990 481, 634
Phenolic Compounds & Phenols 778
Philippines. See Asia, Southeast–Philippines
Photographs Published after 1923. See also Illustrations 33, 35, 38, 
40, 42, 45, 56, 58, 60, 71, 78, 86, 89, 95, 97, 98, 103, 108, 114, 115, 
117, 118, 125, 127, 128, 133, 136, 138, 139, 142, 151, 153, 154, 
155, 165, 176, 178, 180, 189, 192, 196, 198, 203, 204, 209, 211, 
212, 213, 216, 217, 218, 220, 229, 230, 231, 232, 239, 240, 241, 
242, 244, 246, 247, 248, 249, 254, 256, 257, 258, 259, 261, 262, 
263, 267, 270, 277, 291, 294, 302, 304, 307, 308, 310, 311, 314, 
321, 322, 329, 335, 336, 340, 341, 343, 349, 355, 356, 360, 362, 
366, 368, 369, 370, 371, 372, 381, 382, 384, 387, 389, 393, 395, 
404, 407, 411, 418, 422, 424, 427, 431, 432, 436, 441, 443, 444, 
446, 447, 455, 458, 462, 464, 471, 475, 478, 479, 486, 487, 488, 
490, 498, 499, 504, 506, 514, 516, 518, 520, 527, 528, 534, 537, 
542, 545, 548, 549, 556, 557, 558, 567, 580, 587, 596, 613, 646, 
647, 650, 651, 655, 657, 663, 664, 668, 671, 681, 682, 684, 694, 
702, 711, 714, 715, 717, 718, 719, 723, 725, 730, 734, 735, 738, 
739, 740, 741, 742, 743, 744, 745, 746, 747, 759, 766, 769, 775, 
781, 784, 791, 799, 801, 802, 803, 810, 821, 825, 826, 830, 835, 
837, 841, 844, 849, 853, 858, 860, 861, 863, 864, 874, 877, 886, 
888, 893, 895, 899, 903, 909, 910, 912, 915, 916, 924, 927, 928, 
939, 948, 952, 955, 962, 973, 975, 977, 982, 983, 984, 987, 992, 
993, 995, 997, 999, 1000, 1003, 1004, 1010, 1012
Photographs Published before 1924. See also Illustrations 13, 14, 
16, 19
Phytic Acid (Inositol Hexaphosphate), Phytates / Phytate 778
Phytochemicals in soybeans and soyfoods. See Cancer Preventing 
Substances in Soybeans and Soyfoods
Phytoestrogens (Estrogens in Plants, Especially in Soybeans and 
Soyfoods), Including Isoﬂ avones (Including Genistein, Daidzein, 
Glycetein, Coumestrol, Genistin, and Daidzin), Lignans, and 
Coumestans 125, 778, 812
Piatt County Soy Bean Co-operative Co. and Viobin (Maker of 
Wheat Germ Oil) 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 
18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 
40, 47, 49, 87, 115, 124, 167, 362, 501, 615, 695, 803, 856, 944, 
945, 954, 978
Pigs, Hogs, Swine, Sows, Boars, Gilts, or Shoats / Shotes Fed 
Soybeans, Soybean Forage, or Soybean Cake or Meal as Feed to 
Make Pork 9, 13, 16
Pillsbury Feed Mills and Pillsbury Co. (Minneapolis, Minnesota) 
102, 113, 162, 163, 190, 199, 204, 269, 300, 316, 532, 608, 677, 
709, 761
Pioneer Hi-Bred International, Inc. (Des Moines, Iowa) 546, 607, 
634, 827, 923, 925, 1015
Piper, Charles Vancouver (1867-1926, USDA) 20, 695
Plant Industry, Bureau of. See United States Department of 
Agriculture (USDA)–Bureau of Plant Industry
Plant Protection from Diseases, Pests and Other Types of Injury 
(General) 688
Plastics (Including Molded Plastic Parts, Plastic Film, Disposable 
Eating Utensils and Tableware–From Spoons to Plates, and 
Packaging Materials)–Industrial Uses of Soy Proteins 583, 666
Plastics, plasticizers and resins. See Resins, Plastics, and 
Plasticizers (Such as Epoxidized Soy Oil–ESO)

=== PAGE 396 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   396
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
PMS Foods, Inc. See Far-Mar-Co., Inc.
Pogeler, Glenn Henry (1915-1995). Soybean Pioneer. Iowa 
Cooperatives, Soybean Council of America (SCA), National 
Soybean Processors Association (NSPA) 51, 55, 56, 63, 107, 108, 
109, 110, 113, 116, 117, 118, 119, 126, 129, 133, 134, 137, 143, 
144, 151, 183, 192, 199, 246, 262, 264, 265, 269, 271, 299, 302, 
303, 317, 324, 326, 342, 369, 408, 443, 492, 494, 557, 568, 610, 
620, 745, 746, 758, 769, 927, 928
Policies and Programs, Government, Effecting Soybean Production, 
Marketing, Prices, Price Support Programs, Subsidies, Support 
Prices, or Trade 41, 42, 334
Pork, meatless. See Meat Alternatives–Meatless Bacon, Ham, 
Chorizo and Other Pork-related Products
Poultry fed soybeans. See Chickens, or Turkeys, or Geese & Ducks
Poultry, meatless. See Meat Alternatives–- Meatless Chicken, 
Goose, Duck, and Related Poultry Products. See also Meatless 
Turkey
Price of Soybeans, Soybean Seeds, and Soybean Products–Except 
Sauces (Which See) 33, 316, 334, 374, 406
Processing capacity of individual soybean crushing plants. See 
Soybean Crushing–Processing Capacity and/or Storage Capacity of 
Individual Plants–Statistics
Procter & Gamble Co. (Cincinnati, Ohio). Including the Buckeye 
Cotton Oil Co.. 74, 113, 125, 162, 190, 199, 204, 269, 380, 471, 
484, 501, 532, 557, 589, 608, 626, 666, 695, 709, 737, 739, 774, 
816, 845, 865, 923, 964, 965, 967, 968, 969
Production of soybeans. See Soybean Production
Products, soy, commercial (mostly foods). See Commercial Soy 
Products–New Products
ProSoya–Including ProSoya Inc. (Ontario, Canada), and ProSoya 
Corporation (Heuvelton, New York. No longer in Business), 
ProSoya UK Ltd. (ProSoya PLC) (Livingston, Scotland). Paciﬁ c 
ProSoya Foods, International ProSoya Corp. (IPC–British 
Columbia) 847
Protease inhibitors. See Trypsin / Protease
 Proteinase Growth Inhibitors
Protection of soybeans. See Insects–Pest Control. See also: 
Integrated Pest Management, Pesticides (General), Rodents and 
Birds–Pest Control–Especially Rabbits and Woodchucks
Protection of soybeans from diseases. See Diseases of soybeans
Protein products, soy. See Soy Protein Products
Protein Quality, and Supplementation / Complementarity to 
Increase Protein Quality of Mixed Foods or Feeds. See also 
Nutrition–Protein Amino Acids and Amino Acid Composition 440, 
457, 485, 680
Protein Resources and Shortages, and the “World Protein Crisis / 
Gap / Problem” of 1950-1979 330
Protein sources, alternative, from plants. See Peanut & Peanut 
Butter, Peanuts & Peanut Butter, Sunﬂ ower Seeds, Wheat Gluten & 
Seitan
Protein supplementation / complementarity to increase protein 
quality. See Nutrition–Protein Quality
Protein Technologies International (PTI) (St. Louis, Missouri. 
Established on 1 July 1987 as a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of 
Ralston Purina Co.) Sold to DuPont on 3 Dec. 1997 851
Public Law 480 (Food for Peace Program. Formally–Agricultural 
Trade Development and Assistance Act of 1954) 303, 316, 330, 
408, 499, 542, 550, 558, 628, 663, 738, 866
Pudding. See Soy Pudding, Custard, Parfait, or Mousse (Usually 
made from Soymilk or Tofu)
Quality and grades of soybean seed. See Seed Quality of Soybeans–
Condition, Grading, and Grades (Moisture, Foreign Material, 
Damage, etc.)
Quincy Soybean Products Co. (Quincy, Illinois). Purchased by 
Moorman Manufacturing Co. in 1961 and Renamed Quincy 
Soybean Company. Purchased by ADM in 1998 74, 113, 125, 162, 
190, 199, 269, 300, 316, 365, 374, 380, 484, 532, 536, 561, 602, 
608, 670, 672, 703, 709, 714, 816, 826, 845, 941, 944, 949
Québec. See Canadian Provinces and Territories–Québec
Rabbits as pests. See Rodent and Birds–Pest Control–Especially 
Rabbits and Woodchucks
Railroad / railway / rail used to transport soybeans. See 
Transportation of Soybeans or Soy Products to Market by Railroad
Ralston Purina Co. (St. Louis, Missouri). Maker of Purina Chows. 
Including Protein Technologies International, a Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary from 1 July 1987 to 3 Dec. 1997 74, 102, 113, 125, 162, 
190, 199, 269, 330, 331, 380, 419, 440, 444, 449, 456, 457, 465, 
471, 480, 481, 484, 491, 496, 532, 536, 561, 562, 582, 589, 594, 
596, 600, 602, 606, 608, 615, 618, 626, 627, 629, 649, 652, 653, 
654, 656, 666, 667, 670, 680, 701, 709, 712, 716, 728, 753, 754, 
756, 764, 780, 785, 816, 839, 845, 851, 859, 881, 944, 1017, 1018
Rapeseed Oil 455, 761, 964
Rapeseed or the rape plant. See Canola
Rapeseed, the Rape Plant (Brassica napus), or Colza. See also 
Canola 574, 954
Recipes. See Cookery

=== PAGE 397 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   397
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Regional Soybean Industrial Products Laboratory (Urbana, Illinois). 
See U.S. Regional Soybean Industrial Products Laboratory (Urbana, 
Illinois). Founded April 1936)
Regulations or laws concerning foods (Use, processing, or 
labeling). See Kosher Products (Commercial)
Regulations or Laws Concerning Foods (Use, Processing, or 
Labeling), Especially Soyfoods and Food Uses of Soybeans 592, 
733
Release or Curing Agents for Concrete or Asphalt, Industrial 
Solvents, Hydraulic Fluids, Antimicrobial Agents, and Other Minor 
or General–Industrial Uses of Soy Oil as a Non-Drying Oil 752, 
793, 796, 821, 877, 967, 968, 969
Republic of China (ROC). See Asia, East–Taiwan
Research & Development Centers. See Iowa State University / 
College (Ames, Iowa), and Univ. of Iowa (Iowa City), National 
Center for Agricultural Utilization Research (NCAUR) (USDA-
ARS) (Peoria, Illinois), U.S. Regional Soybean Industrial Products 
Laboratory (Urbana, Illinois). Founded April 1936)
Resins, Plastics, and Plasticizers (Such as Epoxidized Soy Oil–
ESO)–Industrial Uses of Soy Oil as a Drying Oil 618
Reviews of the literature. See Bibliographies and / or Reviews of 
the Literature
Rewald, Bruno (1883-1947) and Relatives. Lecithin Pioneer in 
Germany, the United States and the United Kingdom 855
Rhizobium bacteria. See Soybean Production–Nitrogen Fixation
Riceland Foods (Named Arkansas Grain Corp. before Sept. 1970) 
301, 305, 333, 334, 365, 367, 368, 376, 380, 390, 400, 401, 407, 
431, 432, 433, 435, 443, 451, 481, 482, 484, 493, 513, 532, 545, 
550, 554, 557, 580, 586, 602, 608, 610, 624, 625, 634, 662, 670, 
676, 689, 699, 700, 709, 713, 714, 764, 765, 772, 773, 775, 778, 
816, 818, 832, 843, 845, 847, 852, 867, 932, 933, 941, 949, 978, 
981, 990, 1007, 1020
Rich Products Corporation (Buffalo, New York) 728
Riegel, William E. See Meharry, Charles Leo (1885-1937)
Roads or highways used to transport soybeans. See Transportation 
of Soybeans or Soy Products to Market by Roads or Highways
Roasted Whole Soy Flour (Kinako–Dark Roasted with Dry Heat, 
Full-Fat) and Grits 382, 775, 778, 998
Rodents and Birds–Pest Control–Especially Rabbits, Jackrabbits / 
Jack Rabbits, Hares, Woodchucks, Pigeons and Pheasants 139
Ross & Rowe (Yelkin Lecithin, New York City) 596, 878
Rubber Substitutes or Artiﬁ cial / Synthetic Rubber (Factice)–
Industrial Uses of Soy Oil as a Drying Oil 13, 16
Russian Federation (Russia). See Europe, Eastern–Russian 
Federation
Sandoz AG (Basel, Switzerland). Merged with Ciba-Geigy in 
March 1996 to Become Novartis 634, 827
Sanitarium Health Food Company (Wahroonga, NSW, Australia). In 
2002 they acquired SoyaWorld of British Columbia, Canada.. 617
Saponins (Bitter Carbohydrates / Glucosides That Cause Foaming) 
49, 125
Sausages, meatless. See Meat Alternatives–Meatless Sausages
School Lunch Program 444, 447, 486, 491, 728, 812
Scotland. See Europe, Western–Scotland (Part of United Kingdom)
Screw presses. See Soybean Crushing–Equipment–Screw Presses 
and Expellers
Seed Certiﬁ cation and Certiﬁ ed Seeds (Soybeans) 21, 115
Seed Cleaning–Especially for Food or Seed Planting Uses 580
Seed companies, soybean. See Asgrow (Des Moines, Iowa), Coker 
Pedigreed Seed Co. (Hartsville, South Carolina), DeKalb Genetics. 
Including DeKalb-Pﬁ zer Genetics (DeKalb, Illinois), DuPont (E.I. 
Du Pont de Nemours & Co., Inc.) (Wilmington, Delaware), Funk 
Brothers Seed Co. (Bloomington, Illinois), Hartz (Jacob) Seed Co. 
(Stuttgart, Arkansas), Monsanto Co. (St. Louis, Missouri), Northrup 
King Co., Peterson, Pioneer Hi-Bred International, Inc. (Des 
Moines, Iowa), Soybean Research Foundation, Inc. (SRF, Mason 
City, Illinois), T.W. Wood & Sons (Richmond, Virginia), Teweles, 
Wing Seed Co. (Mechanicsburg, Champaign County, Ohio)
Seed companies–Thompson. See Thompson (W.G.) & Sons 
Limited, Blenheim, Ontario, Canada
Seed, Food or Feed Composition–High-Speed Measurement 
Techniques, such as Near Infrared Reﬂ ectance (NIR) or 
Transmitance (NIT) Anlysis and Spectrophotometry 844, 846, 869
Seed Quality, Composition, and Component / Value-Based Pricing 
(Percentage and Quality of Protein, Oil, Fatty Acids, etc.) 745, 829, 
844, 846, 849, 861, 864, 869, 874, 896, 987, 1005
Seed Quality of Soybeans–Condition, Grading, and Grades 
(Moisture, Foreign Material, Damage, etc.) 115, 125, 316
Seed Weight / Size (Soybeans)–Weight of 100 Seeds / Grains 
in Grams, or Number of Seeds Per Pound or Per Kilogram, and 
Agronomic Signiﬁ cance of Seed Weight 316, 772
Seeds, soybean–Variety development and breeding of soybeans. See 
Variety Development and Breeding
Sesame Oil 865

=== PAGE 398 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   398
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Sesame Seed (Sesamum indicum, formerly Sesamum orientale). 
(Also Called Ajonjoli, Benne, Benni, Benniseed, Gingelly, Gingely, 
Gingelie, Jinjili, Sesamum, Simsim, Teel, Til). Including Sesame as 
an Oilseed, Sesame Flour, Sesame Tofu (Goma-dofu), and Sesame 
Salt / Gomashio. See also Sesame Butter / Tahini, Sesame Cake or 
Meal, Sesame Milk, and Sesame Oil 865
Sesamum indicum. See Sesame Seed
Seventh-day Adventist work with vegetarianism. See 
Vegetarianism–Seventh-day Adventist Work with
Seventh-day Adventists. See Kellogg, John Harvey (M.D.) 
(1852-1943), Sanitas Nut Food Co. and Battle Creek Food Co., 
Kellogg, Will Keith,... Kellogg Co., Loma Linda Foods (Riverside, 
California), Miller, Harry W. (M.D.) (1879-1977), Worthington 
Foods, Inc. (Worthington, Ohio)
Seventh-day Adventists–Overseas Companies Making Soyfoods 
(Europe, Asia, and Latin America). Other, Including Alimentos 
Colpac, Nutana, Saniku / San-iku Foods, Spicer Memorial College, 
Superbom 606
Seventh-day Adventists–Overseas Companies Making Soyfoods 
(Oceania). See Sanitarium Health Food Company (Wahroonga, 
Australia)
Sheep, Lambs, Ewes, or Rams Fed Soybeans, Soybean Forage, or 
Soybean Cake or Meal as Feed to Make Wool or Mutton 16
Shellabarger Grain Co. / Shellabarger Soybean Mills (Decatur, 
Illinois) 113, 162, 190, 199
Shortening (Usually Hydrogenated) 13, 16, 47, 98, 125, 139, 203, 
239, 316, 370, 441, 477, 493, 501, 616, 624, 691, 692, 695, 719, 
906, 925
Shoyu. See Soy Sauce
Shurtleff, William. See Soyinfo Center (Lafayette, California)
Silage, soybean. See Feeds / Forage from Soybean Plants–Forage 
Used for Silage / Ensilage
Sinaiko Family of Madison, Wisconsin–Incl. Joe Sinaiko of Iowa 
Milling Co. and Decatur Soy Products Co. (1891-1988), His 
Brother Ike Sinaiko of Illinois Soy Products Co. (1897-1977), and 
His Brothers-in-Law Max Albert of Galesburg Soy Products Co. 
(1893-1966) and Irving Rosen of Quincy Soybean Products Co. 
(1907-1964) 74, 113, 190, 199, 269, 380, 387, 405, 419, 536, 602, 
608, 618, 670, 672, 703, 723, 738
Size of soybean seeds. See Seed Weight / Size (Soybeans)–Weight 
of 100 Seeds in Grams, or Number of Seeds Per Pound
Sizings for paper or textiles. See Paper Coatings or Sizings, or 
Textile Sizing
Soaps or Detergents–Industrial Uses of Soy Oil as a Non-Drying 
Oil–Soap, Detergent 13, 16, 33, 269, 316, 329, 359, 373, 380, 419, 
467, 484, 532, 608, 669, 709, 967, 1013
Soil Science–Soil Erosion and Soil Conservation 780
Solae Co. (The) (St. Louis, Missouri. Joint Venture Between 
DuPont and Bunge Ltd., Merging PTI and Central Soya’s Specialty 
Process Division (formerly Chemurgy Div.)) 923, 983, 1000
Solvent extraction equipment. See Soybean Crushing–Equipment–
Solvent extraction
Solvents. See Soybean Crushing–Solvents
Solvents–Ethanol (Ethyl Alcohol)–Used for Soy Oil Extraction, or 
Washing / Puriﬁ cation of Soy Products (Protein, Lecithin, Saponins, 
etc.) 40, 195
Solvents–Hexane–Used Mainly for Soy Oil Extraction 28, 49, 167, 
239, 242, 244, 248, 272, 337, 374, 379, 410, 411, 415, 464, 501, 
502, 646, 663, 666, 739, 740, 743, 783, 839, 856, 866, 885, 886, 
894, 902, 906, 921, 927, 944, 954
Solvents, industrial. See Release or Curing Agents for Concrete or 
Asphalt, Industrial Solvents, Hydraulic Fluids, and Other Minor or 
General Uses
Solvents–Trichloroethylene (Trichlorethylene, Trichlor) 40, 49, 82, 
83, 125, 205, 210, 211, 225, 244, 264, 499, 502, 598, 663, 695, 739, 
740, 866, 921, 922, 954
Solvents Used for Extraction of the Oil from Soybeans: Benzene / 
Benzine / Benzol / Benzin (petrol, gasoline) 19, 28, 33, 124
Solvents Used for Extraction of the Oil from Soybeans (General, 
Type of Solvent, Unspeciﬁ ed, or Other). See also Ethanol, Hexane, 
and Trichloroethylene Solvents 13, 18, 24, 47, 87, 130, 135, 198, 
243, 246, 313, 324, 334, 356, 386, 387, 404, 405, 407, 410, 439, 
443, 450, 454, 470, 560, 585, 602, 604, 616, 624, 625, 637, 638, 
639, 640, 641, 642, 643, 673, 674, 713, 719, 720, 738, 744, 745, 
753, 765, 820, 842, 846, 881, 885, 906, 907, 929, 932, 945, 1021
Solvents Used for Extraction of the Oil from Soybeans: Naphtha / 
Naphthas. Also spelled Naptha / Napthas 167
South Africa. See Africa–South Africa
South America. See Latin America–South America
Soy and Cancer Prevention; Cancer Preventing Substances in 
Soybeans and Soyfoods (Such as the Isoﬂ avones Genistein and 
Daidzein) 778
Soy Cheese or Cheese 
Alternatives–General, Western Style, That 
Melts. Often Contains Casein (Cow’s Milk Protein) 529, 596, 733
Soy Coffee–Made from Roasted Soy Flour or Ground Roasted 
Soybeans 16
Soy cotyledon ﬁ ber / polysaccharides (from making soy protein 
isolates). See Fiber

=== PAGE 399 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   399
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Soy ﬁ ber. See Fiber
Soy ﬂ our companies (Europe). See Spillers Premier Products Ltd. 
(Puckeridge, Ware, Hertfordshire, England)
Soy Flour, Grits, and Flakes–Enzyme Active (Whole / Full-Fat, 
Unheated) 582
Soy Flour, Grits, and Flakes–Use in Brewing Beer, Such as ADM 
Pro-zyme Flakes and Soybean Brew Flakes 329
Soy Flour, Grits, Meal, Powder, or Flakes–For Food Use (Usually 
Defatted or Low-Fat). See also Soy Flour–Whole or Full-fat 13, 
113, 125, 203, 204, 316, 322, 329, 330, 443, 452, 457, 461, 462, 
465, 469, 470, 473, 475, 476, 477, 480, 486, 487, 488, 490, 491, 
495, 496, 499, 504, 510, 512, 514, 519, 528, 535, 542, 548, 564, 
573, 582, 584, 588, 591, 595, 596, 600, 611, 619, 621, 622, 624, 
625, 628, 631, 633, 652, 657, 663, 664, 675, 681, 686, 728, 729, 
743, 759, 761, 778, 781, 785, 812, 835, 839, 859, 866, 876, 979
Soy Flour, Industrial Uses of–Other. See also: Adhesives or Glues 
for Plywood, Other Woods, Wallpaper, Building Materials, Etc.. 113
Soy Flour Industry and Market Statistics, Trends, and Analyses–By 
Geographical Region 457, 504, 512, 652
Soy Flour Industry and Market Statistics, Trends, and Analyses–
Individual Companies or Products 558, 630
Soy Flour or Defatted Soybean Meal in Cereal-Soy Blends, with 
Emphasis on Dry Products Used in Third World Countries, Often 
Used as Weaning Foods (such as CSM, WSB, etc.) 558, 728
Soy Flour, Textured (Including TVP, Textured Vegetable Protein) 
426, 427, 429, 440, 444, 446, 447, 456, 457, 458, 459, 460, 465, 
471, 473, 475, 476, 480, 483, 485, 486, 487, 488, 489, 490, 491, 
499, 504, 512, 527, 542, 558, 573, 588, 596, 606, 617, 623, 627, 
631, 648, 652, 653, 656, 663, 686, 688, 701, 718, 728, 753, 754, 
761, 764, 786, 839, 866, 996, 998
Soy Flour–Whole or Full-fat 457, 480, 483, 582, 596, 627, 652
Soy ice cream companies (USA). See Tofutti Brands, Inc. 
(Cranford, New Jersey)
Soy Ice Cream (General–Usually Non-Dairy) 316, 666, 728
Soy lecithin. See Lecithin, Soy
Soy Oil as a Commodity, Product, or Ingredient for Food Use (in 
Cookery or Foods). Its Manufacture, Reﬁ ning, Trade, and Use. See 
Also: Industrial Uses of Soy Oil, and Nutrition: Lipids 9, 14, 16, 
17, 18, 19, 24, 27, 28, 33, 40, 45, 49, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 72, 73, 74, 
80, 81, 82, 83, 86, 100, 102, 109, 111, 112, 113, 114, 120, 121, 122, 
123, 124, 130, 135, 136, 140, 143, 145, 146, 147, 148, 153, 154, 
165, 167, 176, 190, 193, 195, 197, 205, 206, 207, 210, 223, 228, 
229, 258, 261, 264, 265, 269, 273, 274, 301, 310, 313, 323, 329, 
335, 336, 337, 338, 339, 340, 341, 343, 344, 345, 347, 348, 349, 
354, 361, 362, 365, 367, 368, 369, 376, 380, 382, 386, 388, 397, 
399, 401, 402, 404, 408, 419, 421, 424, 425, 438, 441, 450, 474, 
479, 486, 493, 501, 502, 507, 513, 517, 519, 525, 526, 550, 559, 
576, 585, 598, 605, 618, 635, 637, 638, 639, 640, 641, 642, 643, 
651, 659, 665, 667, 671, 672, 673, 674, 684, 689, 690, 693, 695, 
697, 699, 700, 707, 714, 720, 723, 730, 761, 765, 789, 820, 833, 
842, 846, 856, 860, 865, 867, 923, 925, 946, 952, 958, 975, 977, 
984, 989, 997, 1008, 1012
Soy Oil Constants. Includes Index of Refreaction, Refreactive 
Index, Solidiﬁ cation Point (Erstarrungspunkt), Speciﬁ c Gravity. 
See also Iodine Number 113, 125, 199, 694
Soy Oil Constants–Iodine Number / Value 49, 113, 125, 199, 816, 
845
Soy oil–industry and market statistics. See Soybean Crushing
Soy protein companies (USA). See Borden, Inc., Drackett Co. 
(The), Glidden Co. (The), Grain Processing Corporation, Grifﬁ th 
Laboratories, Gunther Products, Inc., Laucks (I.F.) Co., Protein 
Technologies International (PTI), Rich Products Corporation, Solae 
Co. (The)
Soy Protein Concentrates, Textured 447, 512, 596, 617, 627, 652, 
754, 998
Soy Protein Council (Food Protein Council from 1971 to Dec. 
1981) 444, 449, 471, 481, 484, 496, 532, 589, 596, 626, 812
Soy Protein Isolates, Concentrates, or Textured Soy Protein 
Products–Industry and Market Statistics, Trends, and Analyses–By 
Geographical Region 457, 504, 512, 529, 626, 627, 629, 649, 652, 
701, 733, 851
Soy Protein Isolates, Concentrates, or Textured Soy Protein 
Products–Industry and Market Statistics, Trends, and Analyses–
Individual Companies 473, 514, 558, 581, 600, 701, 761
Soy Protein Isolates, Textured (For Food Use Only, Including Spun 
Soy Protein Fibers or Soy Isolate Gels). See also: Industrial Uses of 
Soy Proteins–Fibers (Artiﬁ cial Wool Made from Spun Soy Protein 
Fibers) 381, 429, 440, 447, 456, 457, 480, 490, 491, 504, 508, 509, 
512, 514, 518, 522, 537, 542, 543, 548, 549, 556, 565, 566, 567, 
572, 575, 579, 581, 583, 588, 596, 601, 606, 611, 617, 627, 652, 
663, 666, 728, 754, 756, 851, 998
Soy Protein Products (General, or Modern Products). See also: 
Nutrition–Protein, Protein Quality, and Amino Acid Composition 
330, 449, 456, 457, 465, 480, 490, 491, 496, 512, 523, 589, 592, 
596, 626, 652, 654, 677, 780, 812, 859, 983
Soy Proteins–Concentrates 442, 445, 456, 457, 465, 472, 473, 476, 
480, 490, 491, 496, 504, 512, 581, 582, 592, 596, 600, 627, 633, 
652, 685, 728, 775, 778, 812, 859, 876, 954, 998
Soy Proteins–Isolates–Enzyme-Modiﬁ ed Soy Protein with 
Whipping / Foaming Properties Used to Replace Egg Albumen, and 
Early Related Whipping / Aerating Agents or Products 457, 496, 
596, 728, 851, 859

=== PAGE 400 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   400
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Soy Proteins–Isolates, for Food Use. Also called Isolated Soy 
Protein. See also: Isolates, for Industrial (Non-Food) Use 195, 457, 
465, 470, 480, 486, 490, 496, 504, 512, 514, 518, 522, 523, 533, 
537, 542, 558, 563, 565, 567, 572, 573, 574, 582, 588, 595, 596, 
597, 599, 600, 611, 627, 629, 633, 649, 652, 663, 680, 685, 728, 
733, 740, 754, 761, 775, 778, 785, 812, 851, 859, 863, 866, 876, 
922, 996
Soy Proteins–Properties (Including Types {Globulins, Glycinin, 
Beta- and Gamma-Conglycinin}, 7S & 11S Protein Fractions and 
Subunits, Sedimentation Coefﬁ cients, Nitrogen Solubility, and 
Rheology) 582, 660, 728, 944
Soy Proteins, Textured (General) 437, 440, 444, 447, 456, 458, 462, 
466, 477, 485, 503, 529, 592, 753, 839, 859
Soy Proteins–Textured, in Dry Cereal-Soy Blends 504
Soy Proteins–Textured Isolates–Etymology of These Terms and 
Their Cognates / Relatives in Various Languages 440, 548, 583
Soy Pudding, Custard, Parfait, or Mousse (Usually made from 
Soymilk. Non-Dairy Milk, or Tofu). See also Soy Yogurt–Not 
Fermented 316
Soy sauce companies (international). See Kikkoman Corporation 
(Tokyo, Walworth, Wisconsin; and Worldwide)
Soy Sauce (Including Shoyu). See Also Tamari, Teriyaki Sauce, and 
Traditional Worcestershire Sauce 316, 382, 775, 778, 998
Soy Sprouts (Sprouted or Germinated Soybeans) for Food Use 316, 
382, 775, 778, 812
Soy whip topping. See Whip Topping
Soya Corporation of America and Dr. Armand Burke. See Also Dr. 
Artemy A. Horvath 190
Soya Foods Ltd [Named Soya Flour Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (1929-
42), and Soya Foods Ltd. (1933)]. See Spillers Premier Products 
Ltd.
Soyatech (Publisher of Soya Bluebook and Soya Newsletter, Bar 
Harbor, Maine. Note: In March 1980 Peter Golbitz and Sharyn 
Kingma started Island Tofu Works, a tofu manufacturing company, 
in Bar Harbor, Maine) 847
SoyaWorld Inc. See ProSoya
Soybean Council of America. See American Soybean Association 
(ASA)–Soybean Council of America
Soybean crushers (Asia). See Fuji Oil Co., Ltd. (Osaka, Japan), 
Incl. Fuji Purina Protein Ltd., Hohnen Oil Co., Ltd. (Tokyo, Japan), 
Nisshin Oil Mills, Ltd. (Tokyo, Japan)
Soybean crushers (Canada). See ADM Agri-Industries Ltd. 
(Windsor, Ontario, Canada), CanAmera Foods (Hamilton, Ontario, 
Canada), Victory Soya Mills Ltd. (Toronto, Ontario)
Soybean Crushers (Canada), Early (Started Before 1941)–Milton 
Oil Reﬁ neries Ltd. (Milton, Ontario; March 1930–Renamed 
Canadian Soyabeans Ltd. by Nov. 1932), Dominion Linseed Oil 
Co. (Baden, ONT; 1932), Soy Bean Oil and Meal Co-operative 
Company of Canada, Ltd. (Chatham, ONT; 1932), Dominion Soya 
Industries / Dominion Soya Products Co. (Montreal, Quebec; spring 
1935), Soya Mills Limited (Stratford, ONT; Jan. 1936), Edgar 
Soya Products (Belle River, Ontario; 1936), Toronto Elevators Ltd. 
(Toronto, ONT; 1938) 162, 910
Soybean crushers (Europe). See Ferruzzi-Montedison (Italy), Hansa 
Muehle (Hamburg, Germany), Harburger Oelwerke Brinckmann 
und Mergell (Harburg, near Hamburg, Germany), Noblee & Thoerl 
GmbH (Hamburg, Germany), Oelmuehle Hamburg AG (Hamburg, 
Germany), Stettiner Oelwerke (Stettin, Germany)
Soybean Crushers (Europe). See Unilever Corp., Lever Brothers 
Co., Unimills B.V . (Netherlands)
Soybean Crushers (USA). See Seed Companies, Soybean–Funk 
Brothers Seed Co. (Bloomington, Illinois)–After 1924, Sinaiko 
Family and Iowa Milling Co. (Cedar Rapids, Iowa)
Soybean crushers (USA). See Allied Mills, Inc., Archer Daniels 
Midland Co. (ADM) (Decatur, Illinois), Bunge Corp. (White 
Plains, New York), Cargill, Inc. (Minneapolis, Minneapolis), 
Central Soya Co. (Fort Wayne, Indiana), Chicago Heights Oil Co. 
(Chicago Heights, Illinois), Continental Grain Co. (New York, 
New York), Dannen Mills (St. Joseph, Missouri), Delphos Grain 
& Soya Products Co. (Delphos, Ohio), Honeymead Products Co., 
Lauhoff Grain Co. (Danville, Illinois), Pillsbury Feed Mills and 
Pillsbury Co. (Minneapolis, Minnesota), Procter & Gamble Co. 
(Cincinnati, Ohio). Including the Buckeye Cotton Oil Co., Quincy 
Soybean Products Co. (Quincy, Illinois), Ralston Purina Co. (St. 
Louis, Missouri), Shellabarger Grain Co. / Shellabarger Soybean 
Mills (Decatur, Illinois), Spencer Kellogg & Sons, Inc. (Buffalo, 
New York), Staley (A.E.) Manufacturing Co. (Decatur,, Swift & Co. 
(Illinois)
Soybean crushers (USA), Cooperative. See AGRI Industries, 
Inc. (Iowa), Ag Processing Inc a cooperative (AGP), Boone 
Valley Cooperative Processing Association (Eagle Grove, Iowa), 
CHS Cooperatives, Including Cenex, Inc. and Harvest States 
Cooperatives (Which Includes Honeymead), Dawson Mills 
(Dawson, Minnesota), Far-Mar-Co, Inc., Farmers Union Grain 
Terminal Association (GTA), Farmland Industries, Inc., Gold Kist, 
Honeymead (Mankato, Minnesota), Land O’Lakes, Inc., Missouri 
Farmers Association (MFA), North Iowa Cooperative Processing 
Association, (Manly, Iowa), Ohio Valley Soybean Cooperative 
(Henderson, Kentucky), Piatt County Soy Bean Cooperative Co., 
Riceland Foods (Named Arkansas Grain Corp. before Sept. 1970)
Soybean Crushers (USA), Cooperative–General and Other 64, 65, 
66, 67, 68, 69, 71, 72, 73, 80, 81, 82, 83, 85, 103, 106, 111, 112, 
120, 121, 122, 123, 130, 131, 132, 133, 135, 136, 138, 145, 146, 
147, 148, 150, 152, 157, 158, 160, 161, 172, 180, 182, 187, 190, 
193, 194, 195, 197, 200, 202, 205, 206, 207, 209, 210, 211, 264, 
265, 269, 273, 274, 275, 276, 298, 350, 371, 373, 391, 438, 443, 
448, 452, 463, 467, 477, 489, 490, 497, 500, 505, 512, 520, 521, 

=== PAGE 401 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   401
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
524, 536, 545, 550, 555, 558, 561, 562, 571, 590, 593, 598, 602, 
603, 604, 605, 610, 612, 620, 624, 625, 630, 670, 687, 706, 722, 
743, 758, 768, 782, 795, 799, 802, 819, 823, 824, 825, 831, 836, 
850, 862, 873, 875, 883, 895, 901, 907, 915, 916, 917, 937, 938, 
943, 947, 948, 974, 978, 1009
Soybean crushers (USA), Early. See Elizabeth City Oil and 
Fertilizer Co. (Elizabeth City, North Carolina; 1915)
Soybean Crushers (USA), Early–Paciﬁ c Oil Mills and Albers 
Brothers Milling Co. (Seattle, Washington; 1911), Elizabeth City 
Oil and Fertilizer Co. (Elizabeth City, North Carolina; 1915. By 
1917 six other North Carolina oil mills were crushing soybeans), 
Chicago Heights Oil Mfg. Co. (Chicago Heights, Illinois; 1920), 
A.E. Staley Mfg. Co. (Decatur, Illinois; 1922), Piatt County 
Cooperative Soy Bean Co. (Monticello, Illinois; 1923–batch 
solvent), Blish Milling Co. (Seymour and Crothersville, Indiana; 
1923), Eastern Cotton Oil Co. (Norfolk, Virginia; 1924–continuous 
solvent) 6, 9, 11, 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, 18, 19, 21, 23, 24, 27, 28, 33, 
34, 35, 40, 45, 47, 49, 74, 87, 113, 115, 124, 125, 167, 190, 362, 
373, 501, 615, 695, 944
Soybean Crushers (USA), Small Crushers–Arkansas Grain Corp. 
(Helena & Stuttgart, Arkansas, 1958), Hemphill Soy Products 
(Kennett, Missouri, 1944), Old Fort Mills (Marion, Ohio, 1936), 
Sioux Soya Co. (Sioux City, Iowa, 1943), Soy Bean Processing 
Co. (Waterloo, Iowa, 1937), Soybean Products, Inc. (Cedar Rapids, 
Iowa, 1934), Southern Soya Corp. (Cameron, South Carolina, 
1963), Soy-Rich Products (Wichita, Kansas, 1944), Toledo Soybean 
Products (Toledo, Ohio, 1940) Western Soybean Mills (Sioux Falls, 
South Dakota, 1944), etc.. 28, 33, 74, 139, 163, 190, 198
Soybean Crushing–Equipment–Hydraulic Presses 28, 33, 40, 115, 
124, 125, 139, 167, 190, 316, 373, 404, 695, 856
Soybean Crushing–Equipment–Screw Presses and Expellers 
(Continuous, Mechanical) 28, 33, 40, 47, 68, 74, 83, 86, 89, 100, 
105, 108, 111, 112, 115, 120, 124, 125, 130, 135, 136, 139, 140, 
145, 152, 153, 154, 155, 161, 165, 167, 180, 181, 188, 190, 196, 
199, 209, 216, 218, 239, 241, 243, 252, 316, 350, 373, 379, 387, 
404, 405, 443, 577, 604, 618, 624, 625, 645, 664, 695, 715, 719, 
730, 739, 743, 745, 746, 921
Soybean Crushing–Equipment–Solvent Extraction 13, 18, 19, 24, 
28, 33, 40, 47, 49, 72, 74, 82, 83, 87, 102, 124, 125, 130, 135, 139, 
154, 158, 164, 167, 180, 190, 195, 198, 205, 210, 211, 225, 228, 
239, 241, 243, 246, 247, 248, 249, 252, 254, 256, 258, 264, 272, 
301, 312, 313, 316, 324, 334, 356, 362, 373, 374, 379, 387, 404, 
405, 407, 410, 411, 424, 439, 443, 454, 464, 470, 499, 501, 502, 
560, 598, 602, 604, 605, 613, 616, 618, 624, 625, 633, 645, 646, 
663, 666, 695, 713, 719, 730, 738, 739, 740, 743, 744, 745, 746, 
765, 821, 835, 846, 849, 856, 866, 881, 885, 906, 907, 921, 944, 
952, 954, 969
Soybean Crushing–Equipment–Wedge Press and Hand-Turned 
Screw Press (Early Technology from China and Manchuria) 125
Soybean Crushing–Explosions and/or Fires in Soybean Solvent 
Extraction Plants (Making Soy Oil and Soybean Meal) 40, 49, 82, 
89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 99, 104, 141, 150, 153, 155, 158, 164, 
165, 166, 168, 169, 170, 171, 173, 174, 176, 188, 189, 198, 252, 
272, 353, 361, 410, 411, 412, 413, 414, 415, 416, 417, 424, 425, 
436, 439, 454, 472, 473, 501, 613, 646, 683, 713, 715, 743, 746, 
837, 885, 886, 887, 889, 890, 891, 892, 893, 894, 897, 898, 902, 
904, 921, 944
Soybean Crushing (General: Soy / Soybean Oil and Soybean Meal) 
6, 11, 21, 34, 47, 55, 57, 71, 75, 87, 103, 115, 135, 152, 160, 162, 
175, 177, 181, 196, 198, 201, 202, 203, 204, 211, 219, 231, 247, 
249, 256, 262, 270, 275, 311, 312, 322, 330, 334, 356, 373, 405, 
407, 420, 443, 448, 467, 477, 478, 482, 492, 536, 558, 577, 580, 
590, 602, 610, 616, 624, 625, 655, 657, 658, 664, 666, 670, 682, 
687, 694, 703, 705, 711, 715, 717, 719, 725, 735, 742, 768, 799, 
818, 835, 850, 861, 864, 869, 871, 874, 899, 910, 921, 931, 933, 
937, 942, 944, 955, 998
Soybean Crushing, Including Production and Trade of Soybean 
Oil, Meal or Cake, Margarine, or Shortening–Industry and Market 
Statistics, Trends, and Analyses–14, 33, 40, 125, 167, 316, 325, 
329, 374, 406, 407, 448, 493, 516, 542, 590, 602, 618, 624, 625, 
655, 667, 670, 672, 684, 687, 699, 700, 707, 761, 765, 818, 826, 
866, 888
Soybean Crushing–New Soybean Crusher 24, 45, 64, 65, 66, 67, 
68, 72, 73, 80, 81, 82, 83, 86, 100, 111, 112, 114, 120, 121, 122, 
123, 136, 140, 145, 147, 148, 154, 193, 205, 210, 228, 258, 273, 
301, 313, 323, 354, 365, 386, 401, 402, 438, 450, 474, 479, 507, 
517, 559, 585, 635, 637, 638, 639, 640, 641, 642, 643, 665, 673, 
674, 720, 820, 842
Soybean Crushing–Processing Capacity and/or Storage Capacity of 
Individual Plants–Statistics 13, 703
Soybean crushing–solvents. See Solvents
Soybean Meal / Cake, Fiber (as from Okara), or Shoyu Presscake as 
a Fertilizer or Manure for the Soil or for Fish Ponds–Industrial Uses 
13, 16, 316, 484, 532, 608, 633, 695, 743
Soybean meal pellets. See Pellets Made from Soybean Meal
Soybean Meal (SBM) (Defatted). Formerly Called Bean Cake, 
Beancake, Soybean Cake, Oilmeal, or Presscake 9, 13, 16, 23, 24, 
28, 33, 38, 40, 41, 45, 47, 51, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 72, 73, 74, 80, 81, 
82, 83, 86, 98, 100, 101, 108, 109, 111, 112, 114, 120, 121, 122, 
123, 124, 125, 130, 133, 136, 138, 139, 140, 142, 143, 145, 147, 
148, 153, 154, 161, 163, 173, 180, 189, 190, 193, 195, 197, 203, 
205, 209, 210, 212, 228, 229, 239, 240, 248, 251, 252, 258, 259, 
264, 268, 273, 301, 310, 313, 316, 321, 323, 324, 327, 329, 350, 
354, 361, 364, 365, 367, 373, 374, 376, 379, 382, 386, 387, 395, 
396, 399, 401, 402, 403, 408, 419, 420, 421, 425, 434, 438, 441, 
443, 445, 450, 455, 458, 460, 462, 464, 465, 467, 470, 474, 475, 
477, 479, 484, 488, 493, 496, 499, 501, 502, 507, 511, 517, 519, 
526, 532, 534, 537, 542, 559, 560, 573, 585, 586, 591, 598, 604, 
605, 608, 613, 617, 618, 620, 624, 633, 635, 637, 638, 639, 640, 
641, 642, 643, 646, 647, 661, 663, 665, 673, 674, 683, 688, 690, 
695, 697, 702, 709, 712, 720, 738, 740, 741, 743, 744, 745, 746, 
747, 759, 761, 766, 775, 779, 781, 791, 801, 816, 820, 821, 826, 
829, 841, 842, 843, 845, 846, 849, 856, 876, 879, 881, 888, 895, 
900, 903, 907, 920, 923, 926, 944, 984, 985, 993, 998, 1003

=== PAGE 402 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   402
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Soybean oil. See Soy Oil
Soybean oil constants. See Soy Oil Constants
Soybean paste. See Miso
Soybean pellets. See Pellets Made from Soybean Meal
Soybean–Physiology and Biochemistry–Maturity Groups 316, 827
Soybean processing. See Soybean Crushing
Soybean production. See Crop Rotation of Soybean Plants for Soil 
Improvement, Cropping Systems: Intercropping, Interplanting, or 
Mixed Cropping, Cultural Practices, Green Manure, Harvesting 
and Threshing, Identity Preserved / Preservation, Organically 
Grown Soybeans, Peoria Plan of 1928-29 for Growing, Selling, and 
Processing Soybeans, Plant Protection from Diseases, Pests and 
Other Types of Injury (General), Price of Soybeans, Soybean Seeds 
and Soybean Products–Except Sauces (Which See), Seed Quality, 
Yield Statistics, Soybean
Soybean production–Farm equipment. See Machinery 
(Agricultural), Implements, Equipment, and Mechanization
Soybean production–Farm machinery. See Combines
Soybean production–Farm Machinery. See Tractors
Soybean Production–General, and Amount Produced 13, 16, 127, 
330, 359, 467, 554, 697, 888
Soybean Production–Industry and Market Statistics, Trends, and 
Analyses 649, 779, 865
Soybean production–Marketing. See Chicago Board of Trade 
(CBOT), Marketing Soybeans
Soybean production–Nitrogen Fixation and Inoculation. See Urbana 
Laboratories
Soybean production–Plant protection. See Diseases (Bacterial, 
Fungal, and Viral / Virus), Insects–Pest Control. See also: Integrated 
Pest Management, Pesticides (General), Weeds–Control and 
Herbicide Use
Soybean Research Foundation, Inc. (SRF, Mason City, Illinois) 423, 
546, 557, 607, 634
Soybean Seeds–Black in Color. Food Use is Not Mentioned 41, 580
Soybean Varieties USA–Hollybrook–Early Introduction 115
Soybean Varieties USA–Ito San–Early Introduction. Synonyms–
Medium Early Yellow, Early White, Early Yellow, Kaiyuski Daizu, 
Kiyusuki Daidzu, Kysuki, Yellow Eda Mame, Dwarf Early Yellow, 
Early, Eda Mame, Coffee Berry 115
Soybean Varieties USA–Laredo–Early Introduction 580
Soybean Varieties USA–Manchu–Early Introduction 21, 115
Soybean Varieties USA–Midwest–Early Introduction 115
Soybeans, whole dry (used unprocessed as food). See Whole Dry 
Soybeans
Soyfood products, commercial. See Commercial Soy Products–New 
Products
Soyfoods Center. See Soyinfo Center (Lafayette, California)
Soyfoods companies (Canada). See Yves Veggie Cuisine 
(Vancouver, BC, Canada)
Soyfoods companies (USA). See SunRich Food Group (Hope, 
Minnesota), White Wave, Inc. (Boulder, Colorado)
Soyfoods (General Food Uses of Soybeans) 316, 374, 382, 406, 
596, 778
Soyfoods Industry and Market Statistics, Trends, and Analyses–By 
Geographical Region. Includes per capita consumption of soybeans 
778
Soyfoods movement. See Soyatech (Bar Harbor, Maine)
Soyinfo Center (Lafayette, California). Named Soyfoods Center 
until 1 Jan. 2007. Founded by William and Akiko Shurtleff 605, 
633, 812, 851, 859, 978, 998, 1000
Soyland Farm. See Fouts Family of Indiana
Soymilk. See Calf, Lamb, or Pig Milk Replacers
Soymilk companies (Canada). See Malnutrition Matters, ProSoya
Soymilk companies (Europe). See Alpro (Wevelgem, Belgium)
Soymilk companies (USA). See Vitasoy
Soymilk Equipment 847
Soymilk Equipment Companies (Europe). See Alfa-Laval (Lund, 
Sweden), Tetra Pak International (Lund, Sweden)
Soymilk Industry and Market Statistics, Trends, and Analyses–By 
Geographical Region 924
Soymilk, Soy Drinks / Beverages, Soy-Based Infant Formulas, and 
Nogs (Liquid, Non-Fermented). Note–For Soymilk Products See 
T
ofu, Yuba, Shakes, Soy Ice Cream, Soy Yogurt, and Soy Cheese 
or Cheese Alternatives 16, 316, 330, 469, 582, 633, 666, 688, 698, 
728, 775, 778, 786, 812, 877, 983, 998, 1002
Soymilk, Spray-Dried or Powdered 330, 786
Soynuts (Oil Roasted or Dry Roasted / Toasted). See Also Irimame 
Used in Bean-Scattering (Mame-Maki) Ceremony at Setsubun 

=== PAGE 403 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   403
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
(Lunar New Year) in Japan and Parched Soybeans 16, 778
Spectrophotometry. See Seed Composition–High-Speed 
Measurement Techniques, such as Near Infrared Reﬂ ectance (NIR) 
Anlysis and Spectrophotometry
Spencer Kellogg & Sons, Inc. (Buffalo, New York) 74, 102, 113, 
125, 162, 163, 190, 199, 269, 316, 330, 380, 404, 532, 608, 615, 
618, 644, 738, 861
Spillers Premier Products Ltd. (Puckeridge, Ware, Hertfordshire, 
England). Including Soya Foods Ltd [Named Soya Flour 
Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (1929-42), and Soya Foods Ltd. (1933)]. 
And incorporating British Soya Products (1932) 996
Sprouts. See Soy Sprouts
Spun soy protein ﬁ bers. See Soy Proteins–Textured Soy Protein 
Isolates
Staley (A.E.) Manufacturing Co. (Decatur, Illinois; Acquired by 
Tate & Lyle PLC in June 1988) 11, 12, 17, 27, 28, 33, 74, 113, 124, 
125, 130, 162, 163, 167, 190, 316, 330, 373, 380, 419, 429, 444, 
447, 449, 456, 457, 460, 465, 471, 480, 481, 484, 491, 496, 532, 
536, 557, 582, 589, 594, 596, 602, 608, 617, 635, 649, 658, 661, 
667, 688, 695, 701, 709, 712, 716, 728, 738, 753, 764, 780, 816, 
839, 845, 855, 856, 859, 881
Standards, Applied to Soybeans or Soy Products 113, 199, 269, 380, 
419, 484, 532, 608, 709, 712, 816, 845
Statistics. See Industry and Market Analyses and Statistics, the 
speciﬁ c product concerned, e.g. Tofu Industry and Market Statistics
Statistics on crushing of soybeans, soy oil and meal production 
and consumption. See individual geographic regions (such as Asia, 
Europe, Latin America, United States, World, etc.) and nations 
within each region
Statistics on soybean production. See Soybean Production and 
Trade–Industry and Market Statistics,
Statistics on soybean production, area and stocks. See individual 
geographic regions (such as Asia, Europe, Latin America, United 
States, etc.) and nations within each region
Statistics on soybean yields. See Yield Statistics, Soybean
Sterols or Steroid Hormones in Soybeans (Phytosterols–Including 
Beta-Sitosterol, Campesterol, and Stigmasterol from Which 
Steroids Such as Progesterone, Hydrocortisone, and Cortisone Can 
Be Made) 125
Stettiner Oelwerke AG (founded 1910), Including Toepfer’s 
Oelwerke GmbH (also spelled Toeppfer’s and Toeppfer’s). In 1965 
became part of Oelmuehle Hamburg AG (Hamburg, Germany) 855, 
856
Storage capacity of individual soybean crushing plants. See 
Soybean Crushing–Processing Capacity and/or Storage Capacity of 
Individual Plants–Statistics
Storage of Soybean Seeds, Viability and Life-Span During Storage 
or Storability, and Drying of Soybeans 316, 334, 408
Strayer Family of Iowa–Incl. George Strayer (1910-1981; executive 
ofﬁ cer of the American Soybean Association 1940-1967), His 
Father Bert Strayer (1880-1941), and His Nephew Dennis Strayer 
(born 1938) 113, 203, 204, 315, 330, 430, 604, 847
Subsidies or support prices for soybeans. See Policies and 
Programs, Government
Sufu. See Tofu, Fermented
Sunﬂ ower Oil / Sunﬂ owerseed Oil / Sunoil 397, 802
Sunﬂ ower Seeds and Sunﬂ owers (Helianthus annuus)–Including 
Sunﬂ owerseed Oil, Cake, and Meal. Once called the Heliotrope, 
Heliotropion, and Heliotropium 163, 397, 477, 511, 574, 609, 616, 
618, 624, 625, 669, 672, 705, 707, 708, 709, 761, 802, 816, 845, 
865
SunOpta, Inc. (Toronto, Ontario, Canada). Formerly SunRich 
Food Group (Hope, Minnesota). Formerly Minnesota Waxy Corn 
Growers Export Inc., Minnesota Edamame, Jameson-Williams Co. 
Acquired by Stake Technology Ltd. (Norval, Ontario, Canada) in 
July 1999, Stake changes its name to SunOpta on 31 Oct. 2003 698, 
786, 847
SunRich Food Group (Hope, Minnesota). See SunOpta, Inc.
Sunsoy Products Ltd. See Victory Soya Mills Ltd.
Suzuki Shoten (Suzuki & Co.). See Hohnen Oil Co., Ltd. (Tokyo, 
Japan)
Swift & Co. (Chicago, Champaign, and Oak Brook, Illinois) 74, 
102, 113, 125, 162, 163, 190, 199, 269, 330, 380, 429, 440, 444, 
447, 449, 456, 465, 471, 480, 481, 484, 491, 562, 606, 615, 617, 
666, 753, 839, 859, 944
Syngenta AG (based in Basel, Switzerland)–Formed in Nov. 2000 
by the Merger of Novartis Agribusiness (formed in March 1996 by 
the Mer
ger of Sandoz AG and Ciba-Geigy; both based in Basel, 
Switzerland) and Zeneca Agrochemicals 827, 852
Taiwan. See Asia, East–Taiwan
Tariffs, duties, embargoes. See Trade Policies (International) 
Concerning Soybeans, Soy Products, or Soyfoods–Tariffs, Duties, 
Embargoes, Moratoriums, and Other Trade Barriers or Subsidies
Taste Problems. See Flavor / Taste Problems
Tempeh (Spelled Témpé in Malay-Indonesian) 775, 778, 998
Tetra Pak International (Lund, Sweden) 847
Teweles Seed Co. (Milwaukee, Wisconsin). In 1974 Merged with 

=== PAGE 404 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   404
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Borden Seeds, Inc, to become Americana Seeds, Inc.. 423
Textiles made from spun soy protein ﬁ bers. See Fibers (Artiﬁ cial 
Wool or Textiles Made from Spun Soy Protein Fibers, Including 
Azlon, Soylon, and Soy Silk / Soysilk)
Textured soy ﬂ ours. See Soy Flours, Textured (Including TVP, 
Textured Vegetable Protein)
Textured soy protein concentrates. See Soy Protein Concentrates, 
Textured
Textured soy protein isolates. See Soy Protein Isolates, Textured 
(For Food Use Only). Including Spun Fibers
Textured soy proteins. See Soy Proteins, Textured
Thompsons Limited. Before Jan. 2004 named Thompson (W.G.) 
& Sons Limited, Blenheim, Ontario, Canada. Before 1963 W.G. 
Thompson. Founded in 1924 by Wesley G. “Tommy” Thompson 
847
Timeline. See Chronology / Timeline
Tocopherol. See Vitamin E (Tocopherol)
Tofu (Also Called Soybean Curd or Bean Curd until about 1975-
1985). See also Tofu–Fermented, Soy Ice Creams, Soy Yogurts, and 
Cheesecake, Which Often Use Tofu as a Major Ingredient 316, 382, 
583, 633, 698, 733, 775, 778, 812, 832, 859, 877, 998
Tofu companies (USA). See Morinaga Nutritional Foods, Inc., and 
Morinaga Nyûgyô (Torrance, California, and Tokyo, Japan)
Tofu, Fermented (Also Called Doufu-ru, Toufu-ru, Furu, Fuyu, 
Tahuri, Tahuli, Tajure, Tao-hu-yi, or Sufu). See also Tofu-yo 382
Tofu, Fried (Especially Deep-Fried Tofu Pouches, Puffs, Cutlets, or 
Burgers; Agé or Aburagé, Aburaagé, Usu-agé, Atsu-agé or Nama-
agé, Ganmodoki or Ganmo, Hiryôzu / Hiryozu) 382
Tofu, Frozen, Dried-frozen, or Dried Whole (Not Powdered) 382
Tofu in Second Generation Products, Documents About 877
Tofu, Spray-dried or Powdered 786
Tofutti Brands, Inc. (Cranford, New Jersey)–Soy Ice Cream 
Company. Mintz’s Buffet Until Jan. 1982 728
Touchi or tou ch’i. See Fermented Black Soybeans
Toxins and Toxicity in Foods and Feeds–Microorganisms, 
Especially Bacteria (Such as Escherichia coli, Salmonella spp., 
Clostridium botulinum), that Cause Food Poisoning. See also: 
Aﬂ atoxins (produced by molds) and Bongkrek Poisoning (produced 
in coconut by bacteria) 877
Toxins and Toxicity in Foods and Feeds–Trichloroethylene Solvent 
and the Duren / Dueren Disease or Poisoning of Cattle / Ruminants 
49, 395, 501, 502, 663, 695, 739, 921
Tractors 16, 127, 346, 382, 580, 666, 683, 732, 734, 739, 759, 982
Trade (International–Imports, Exports) of Soybeans, Soy Oil, and 
/ or Soybean Meal. See also Trade–Tariffs and Duties 16, 28, 33, 
124, 315, 373, 382, 408, 477, 482, 521, 532, 545, 550, 554, 571, 
586, 602, 605, 610, 624, 644, 647, 672, 700, 761, 771, 819, 846, 
867, 895, 923, 934, 979
Trade of Soyfoods (Import and Export, not Including Soy Oil or 
Soybean Meal, but Including Lecithin and Margarine) or Soyfoods 
Manufacturing Equipment. See also: Soy Sauce–Imports, Exports. 
Miso–Imports, Exports 649
Trade Policies (International) Concerning Soybeans, Soy Products, 
or Soyfoods–Tariffs, Duties, Embargoes, Moratoriums, and Other 
Trade Barriers or Subsidies 33, 342, 373, 504, 771, 867
Trains used to transport soybeans. See Transportation of Mature 
Soybeans to Market
Trans Fatty Acids 765, 923, 925, 975, 1008
Transportation of Mature Soybeans to Market within a Particular 
Country or Region–General and Other 199, 380, 391
Transportation of Soybeans or Soy Products to Market by Railroad 
/ Railway / Rail within a Particular Country or Region. See also 
Railroads / Railways and Special Trains Used to Promote Soybeans 
and Soybean Production 38, 103, 107, 110, 117, 125, 216, 240, 242, 
250, 335, 399, 411, 424, 486, 535, 542, 613, 651, 663, 664, 719, 
739, 740, 741, 744, 745, 746, 747, 759, 821, 967, 968, 969
Transportation of Soybeans or Soy Products to Market by Roads or 
Highways Using Trucks, Carts, etc. within a Particular Country or 
Region 395, 399, 443, 542, 732, 759
Transportation of Soybeans or Soy Products to Market by Water 
(Rivers, Lakes) Using Junks, Barges, etc. within a Particular 
Country or Region 351, 355, 356, 361, 399, 545, 608, 714, 742, 
743, 759, 766, 882
Trichloroethylene. See Solvents–Trichlorethylene, Toxins and 
Toxicity in Foods and Feeds–Trichloroethylene Solvent and the 
Duren / Dueren Disease
Tri-County Soy Bean Co-operative Association. See Dawson Mills
Triple “F” and Insta-Pro. See Extruders and Extrusion Cooking, 
Low Cost–Including Triple “F”
Trucks or Carts used to transport soybeans. See Transportation of 
Soybeans or Soy Products to Market by Roads or Highways
Trypsin / Protease / Proteinase Growth Inhibitors 469, 537
Turkey. See 
Asia, Middle East–Turkey
Turkey, meatless. See Meat Alternatives–Meatless Turkey

=== PAGE 405 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   405
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Turkeys Fed Soybeans, Soybean Forage, or Soybean Cake or Meal 
as Feed 562, 777
TVP. See Soy Flours, Textured (Including TVP, Textured Vegetable 
Protein)
T.W. Wood & Sons (Richmond, Virginia). Seedsmen since 1879 
316
Unfair Practices–Including Possible Deceptive / Misleading 
Labeling, Advertising, etc. See also: Adulteration 500, 716, 764
Unilever Corp., Lever Brothers Co., Unimills B.V . (Netherlands), 
and Margarine Union 199, 269, 380, 484, 532, 606, 608, 666, 709, 
855, 857, 859, 865
United Kingdom. See Europe, Western–United Kingdom
United Nations (Including UNICEF, FAO, UNDP, UNESCO, and 
UNRRA) Work with Soy 330, 440, 859
United Soybean Board. See American Soybean Association (ASA)–
United Soybean Board
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Agricultural 
Adjustment Administration (AAA, 1933-1942) and Agricultural 
Adjustment Agency (1942-1945) 571, 683
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Agricultural 
Cooperative Service. Including Farmer Cooperative Service (FCS, 
1926) 135, 146, 264, 298, 360, 391, 443, 473, 482, 489, 490, 491, 
512, 545, 602, 603, 604, 605, 610, 624, 625, 670, 706, 722, 782, 
795, 824, 836, 850
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Agricultural 
Research Service (ARS, Established 1953). Including Agricultural 
Research Administration (1942-1953) 264, 265, 274, 316, 330, 470, 
652, 877
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Arlington 
Experimental Farm at Arlington, Virginia (1900-1942) 9
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Bureau of 
Agricultural and Industrial Chemistry (1943-1953). Including 
Bureau of Agricultural Chemistry and Engineering (1938-1943), 
Bureau of Chemistry and Soils (1927-1938), and Bureau of 
Chemistry (1901-1927). Transferred to the Agricultural Research 
Service (ARS) in 1953 74, 190, 204
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Bureau of 
Agricultural Economics (1922-1953). Including Bureau of Markets 
and Crop Estimates (1921-1922), Bureau of Markets (1913-1921), 
and Ofﬁ ce of Farm Management and Farm Economics (1905-1922). 
Transferred in 1953 to USDA’s Economic Research Service 722
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Bureau of 
Plant Industry, Soils, and Agricultural Engineering (1943-1953). 
Including Bureau of Plant Industry (1901-1943), Ofﬁ ce of Plant 
Industry (1900-1901), and Division of Agrostology (1895-1901). 
Transferred to Agricultural Research Service in 1953 11, 13, 17, 18, 
20, 23, 115, 666
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Economic 
Research Service (ERS) (1961-) 330, 477, 512, 722
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Food and 
Nutrition Service (FNS) 447, 490, 491
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)–Foreign 
Agricultural Service (FAS, Est. 1953) Including Ofﬁ ce of Foreign 
Agricultural Relations (1939-1953). Foreign Agricultural Service 
(1938-1939) 330, 408, 441, 496, 620
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA; Including Federal 
Grain Inspection Service [FGIS], and War Food Administration 
[WFA]). See also: Agricultural Marketing Service, Agricultural 
Research Service (ARS), Bureau of Plant Industry, Economic 
Research Service, Food and Nutrition Service, Foreign Agricultural 
Service, and Section of Foreign Seed and Plant Introduction 9, 41, 
42, 69, 71, 102, 125, 135, 235, 298, 299, 326, 334, 360, 374, 406, 
418, 422, 429, 444, 494, 509, 524, 568, 592, 707, 728, 745, 747, 
751, 755, 758, 768, 774, 779, 784, 804, 812, 829, 846, 851, 866, 
872, 923, 924, 927, 928, 960, 970, 994
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)–War Food 
Administration (WFA), Including the Food Production and 
Distribution Administration 98, 133
United States of America–Activities and Inﬂ uence Overseas / 
Abroad 441, 633
United States of America–Soybean Crushing–Soy Oil and Meal 
Production and Consumption–Statistics, Trends, and Analyses 373, 
536, 703, 865
United States of America–Soybean Production, Area and Stocks–
Statistics, Trends, and Analyses 33, 127, 153, 316, 362, 374, 406, 
407, 524, 779
United States of America (USA) 1, 6, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, 
18, 19, 20, 21, 23, 24, 27, 28, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 
43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 
61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 
79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 
97, 98, 99, 100, 101, 102, 103, 104, 105, 106, 107, 108, 109, 110, 
111, 112, 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, 118, 119, 120, 121, 122, 123, 
124, 125, 126, 127, 128, 129, 130, 131, 132, 133, 134, 135, 136, 
137, 138, 139, 140, 141, 142, 143, 144, 145, 146, 147, 148, 149, 
150, 151, 152, 153, 154, 155, 156, 157, 158, 159, 160, 161, 162, 
163, 164, 165, 166, 167, 168, 169, 170, 171, 172, 173, 174, 175, 
176, 177, 178, 179, 180, 181, 182, 183, 184, 185, 186, 187, 188, 
189, 190, 191, 192, 193, 194, 195, 196, 197, 198, 199, 200, 201, 
202, 203, 204, 205, 206, 207, 208, 209, 210, 211, 212, 213, 214, 
215, 216, 217, 218, 219, 220, 221, 222, 223, 224, 225, 226, 227, 
228, 229, 230, 231, 232, 233, 234, 235, 236, 237, 238, 239, 240, 
241, 242, 243, 244, 245, 246, 247, 248, 249, 250, 251, 252, 253, 
254, 255, 256, 257, 258, 259, 260, 261, 262, 263, 264, 265, 266, 
267, 268, 269, 270, 271, 272, 273, 274, 275, 276, 277, 278, 279, 
280, 281, 282, 283, 284, 285, 286, 287, 288, 289, 290, 291, 292, 

=== PAGE 406 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   406
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
293, 294, 295, 296, 297, 298, 299, 300, 301, 302, 303, 304, 305, 
306, 307, 308, 309, 310, 311, 312, 313, 314, 315, 316, 317, 318, 
319, 320, 321, 322, 323, 324, 325, 326, 327, 328, 329, 330, 331, 
332, 333, 334, 335, 336, 337, 338, 339, 340, 341, 342, 343, 344, 
345, 346, 347, 348, 349, 350, 351, 352, 353, 354, 355, 356, 357, 
358, 359, 360, 361, 362, 363, 364, 365, 366, 367, 368, 369, 370, 
371, 372, 373, 374, 375, 376, 377, 378, 379, 380, 381, 382, 383, 
384, 385, 386, 387, 388, 389, 390, 391, 392, 393, 394, 395, 396, 
397, 398, 399, 400, 401, 402, 403, 404, 405, 406, 407, 409, 410, 
411, 412, 413, 414, 415, 416, 417, 418, 419, 420, 421, 422, 423, 
424, 425, 426, 427, 428, 429, 430, 431, 432, 433, 434, 435, 436, 
437, 438, 439, 440, 442, 443, 444, 445, 446, 447, 448, 449, 450, 
451, 452, 453, 454, 455, 456, 457, 458, 459, 460, 461, 462, 463, 
464, 465, 466, 467, 468, 469, 470, 471, 472, 473, 474, 475, 476, 
477, 478, 479, 480, 481, 482, 483, 484, 485, 486, 487, 488, 489, 
490, 491, 492, 493, 494, 495, 497, 498, 499, 500, 501, 502, 503, 
504, 505, 506, 507, 508, 509, 510, 511, 512, 513, 514, 515, 516, 
517, 518, 519, 520, 521, 522, 523, 524, 525, 526, 527, 528, 529, 
530, 531, 532, 533, 534, 535, 536, 537, 538, 539, 540, 541, 542, 
543, 544, 545, 546, 547, 548, 549, 550, 551, 552, 553, 555, 556, 
557, 558, 559, 560, 561, 562, 563, 564, 565, 566, 567, 568, 569, 
570, 571, 572, 573, 574, 575, 576, 577, 578, 579, 580, 581, 582, 
583, 584, 585, 586, 587, 588, 589, 590, 591, 592, 593, 594, 595, 
596, 597, 598, 599, 600, 601, 602, 603, 604, 605, 606, 607, 608, 
609, 610, 611, 612, 613, 614, 615, 616, 617, 618, 619, 620, 621, 
622, 623, 624, 625, 626, 627, 628, 629, 630, 631, 632, 633, 634, 
635, 636, 637, 638, 639, 640, 641, 642, 643, 644, 645, 646, 647, 
648, 649, 650, 651, 652, 653, 654, 655, 656, 657, 658, 659, 660, 
661, 662, 663, 664, 665, 666, 667, 668, 669, 670, 671, 672, 673, 
674, 675, 676, 677, 678, 679, 680, 681, 682, 683, 684, 685, 686, 
687, 688, 689, 690, 691, 692, 693, 694, 695, 696, 697, 698, 699, 
700, 701, 702, 703, 704, 705, 706, 707, 708, 709, 710, 711, 712, 
713, 714, 715, 716, 717, 718, 719, 720, 721, 722, 723, 724, 725, 
726, 727, 728, 729, 730, 731, 732, 733, 734, 735, 736, 737, 738, 
739, 740, 741, 742, 743, 744, 745, 746, 747, 748, 749, 750, 751, 
752, 753, 754, 755, 756, 757, 758, 759, 760, 761, 762, 763, 764, 
765, 766, 767, 768, 769, 770, 771, 772, 773, 774, 775, 776, 777, 
778, 779, 780, 781, 782, 784, 785, 786, 787, 788, 789, 790, 791, 
792, 793, 794, 795, 796, 797, 798, 799, 800, 801, 802, 803, 804, 
805, 806, 807, 808, 809, 810, 811, 812, 813, 814, 815, 816, 817, 
818, 819, 820, 821, 822, 823, 824, 825, 826, 827, 828, 829, 830, 
831, 832, 833, 834, 835, 836, 837, 838, 839, 840, 841, 842, 843, 
844, 845, 846, 847, 848, 849, 850, 851, 852, 853, 854, 856, 857, 
858, 859, 860, 861, 862, 863, 864, 865, 866, 867, 868, 869, 870, 
871, 872, 873, 874, 875, 876, 877, 878, 879, 880, 881, 882, 883, 
884, 885, 886, 887, 888, 889, 890, 891, 892, 893, 894, 895, 896, 
897, 898, 899, 900, 901, 902, 903, 904, 905, 906, 907, 908, 909, 
910, 911, 912, 913, 914, 915, 916, 917, 918, 919, 920, 921, 922, 
923, 924, 925, 926, 927, 928, 929, 930, 931, 932, 933, 934, 935, 
936, 937, 938, 939, 940, 941, 942, 943, 944, 945, 946, 947, 948, 
949, 950, 951, 952, 953, 954, 955, 956, 957, 958, 959, 960, 961, 
962, 963, 964, 965, 966, 967, 968, 969, 970, 971, 972, 973, 974, 
975, 976, 977, 978, 979, 980, 981, 982, 983, 984, 985, 986, 987, 
988, 989, 990, 991, 992, 993, 994, 995, 996, 997, 999, 1000, 1001, 
1002, 1003, 1004, 1005, 1006, 1007, 1008, 1009, 1010, 1011, 1012, 
1013, 1014, 1015, 1016, 1017, 1018, 1019, 1020, 1021, 1022
United States–States–Alabama 190, 204, 269, 380, 474, 484, 532, 
605, 608, 610, 670, 672, 687, 709, 816, 845, 932
United States–States–Arizona 380, 484, 532, 608, 816
United States–States–Arkansas 74, 125, 162, 190, 214, 269, 301, 
305, 309, 310, 311, 312, 313, 316, 331, 332, 333, 334, 365, 367, 
368, 376, 380, 386, 390, 400, 401, 406, 407, 408, 430, 431, 432, 
433, 435, 443, 451, 482, 484, 496, 520, 524, 532, 536, 545, 546, 
580, 586, 605, 608, 610, 618, 620, 636, 637, 644, 657, 662, 667, 
672, 689, 694, 709, 713, 714, 739, 741, 765, 772, 773, 775, 778, 
816, 832, 838, 843, 845, 929, 932, 933, 941, 944, 949, 952, 981, 
990, 1007, 1020, 1021
United States–States–California 74, 125, 162, 163, 190, 199, 264, 
269, 316, 330, 373, 380, 381, 382, 418, 473, 484, 532, 545, 574, 
605, 606, 608, 617, 627, 709, 756, 758, 795, 816, 821, 845, 885, 
915, 927, 928, 937, 938, 949, 952, 960, 967, 968, 972, 978, 991, 
998, 1013
United States–States–Colorado 355, 356, 361, 366, 381, 571, 743, 
909, 924, 937, 938, 948, 953, 1002, 1017
United States–States–Connecticut 532, 608, 666, 709, 748, 816, 
845, 968
United States–States–Delaware 190, 204, 380, 484, 532, 608, 667, 
709, 816, 845, 921, 954, 958
United States–States–District of Columbia (Washington, DC) 13, 
54, 146, 203, 206, 264, 265, 298, 303, 326, 330, 380, 391, 430, 443, 
449, 471, 477, 484, 494, 496, 532, 550, 557, 568, 571, 589, 596, 
602, 610, 624, 625, 626, 666, 670, 682, 705, 708, 709, 732, 737, 
747, 751, 755, 782, 795, 804, 812, 816, 824, 836, 845, 850, 870, 
878, 883, 927, 928, 932, 965, 980, 983, 992, 1016
United States–States–Florida 190, 396, 583, 606, 666, 709, 762, 
816, 845, 881, 948, 953, 966
United States–States–Georgia 190, 204, 380, 392, 396, 402, 419, 
430, 443, 467, 484, 532, 534, 535, 545, 546, 555, 603, 605, 608, 
610, 618, 647, 670, 690, 709, 721, 762, 816, 845, 878, 932, 944, 
965, 982
United States–States–Hawaii 953, 964
United States–States–Idaho 882, 953, 967, 968, 969, 980
United States–States–Illinois 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 
15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 
33, 34, 35, 40, 41, 44, 47, 49, 74, 87, 102, 113, 115, 121, 124, 125, 
127, 138, 162, 163, 167, 185, 190, 194, 195, 197, 199, 204, 206, 
207, 214, 259, 264, 265, 269, 298, 300, 316, 329, 330, 331, 332, 
346, 356, 359, 361, 362, 373, 380, 382, 387, 391, 404, 406, 408, 
419, 423, 429, 430, 440, 442, 443, 445, 447, 457, 458, 460, 465, 
469, 470, 471, 483, 484, 494, 496, 501, 502, 532, 536, 546, 550, 
557, 568, 571, 577, 580, 594, 604, 606, 608, 615, 618, 644, 647, 
649, 650, 658, 661, 665, 666, 667, 672, 677, 683, 688, 690, 695, 
709, 714, 715, 716, 723, 729, 737, 738, 739, 743, 754, 759, 761, 
762, 764, 780, 787, 803, 816, 818, 826, 839, 845, 851, 852, 856, 
859, 870, 871, 881, 906, 925, 944, 945, 952, 953, 954, 965, 966, 
969, 1015

=== PAGE 407 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   407
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
United States–States–Indiana 9, 12, 13, 14, 16, 27, 28, 33, 40, 41, 
42, 44, 45, 74, 82, 113, 115, 122, 123, 124, 125, 147, 151, 162, 163, 
167, 190, 199, 204, 214, 259, 268, 269, 316, 330, 373, 380, 387, 
406, 430, 443, 484, 500, 501, 502, 532, 536, 545, 546, 571, 594, 
608, 647, 660, 661, 667, 709, 737, 753, 762, 768, 787, 812, 816, 
845, 847, 851, 856, 871, 906, 958
United States–States–Iowa 9, 23, 34, 40, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 
58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 70, 71, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 
79, 81, 87, 88, 97, 98, 100, 101, 102, 103, 106, 107, 108, 109, 110, 
111, 112, 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, 118, 119, 125, 126, 127, 128, 
129, 133, 134, 137, 143, 144, 149, 150, 151, 152, 157, 158, 161, 
162, 163, 164, 165, 166, 167, 168, 169, 170, 171, 172, 173, 174, 
176, 179, 180, 181, 182, 183, 184, 187, 188, 189, 190, 191, 192, 
197, 198, 199, 200, 201, 202, 203, 204, 209, 211, 214, 216, 218, 
241, 243, 246, 247, 248, 249, 250, 251, 252, 253, 254, 255, 256, 
257, 258, 262, 264, 269, 271, 299, 300, 302, 303, 304, 310, 315, 
316, 317, 322, 324, 326, 330, 331, 332, 342, 350, 356, 361, 362, 
369, 371, 373, 374, 379, 380, 387, 391, 403, 405, 406, 408, 410, 
411, 412, 413, 414, 415, 416, 417, 419, 423, 424, 425, 429, 430, 
434, 438, 441, 443, 450, 458, 460, 462, 464, 475, 476, 478, 479, 
480, 484, 492, 494, 496, 500, 501, 502, 514, 521, 532, 534, 536, 
537, 538, 539, 540, 541, 545, 546, 551, 552, 559, 560, 568, 571, 
573, 577, 591, 603, 604, 605, 606, 608, 610, 612, 613, 614, 615, 
618, 636, 639, 640, 642, 643, 644, 645, 646, 657, 658, 661, 663, 
667, 670, 671, 673, 674, 678, 679, 680, 682, 684, 689, 694, 709, 
715, 719, 723, 728, 730, 737, 738, 739, 740, 741, 742, 743, 744, 
745, 746, 747, 753, 756, 758, 759, 762, 766, 769, 770, 774, 781, 
786, 787, 788, 789, 790, 791, 793, 796, 797, 798, 800, 801, 807, 
808, 810, 811, 812, 816, 817, 820, 821, 822, 827, 829, 839, 844, 
845, 846, 847, 849, 850, 851, 859, 862, 866, 869, 871, 873, 875, 
879, 881, 884, 885, 886, 887, 889, 890, 891, 892, 893, 894, 896, 
897, 898, 899, 902, 904, 905, 907, 908, 911, 912, 913, 914, 915, 
918, 919, 920, 921, 922, 923, 925, 926, 927, 928, 929, 931, 932, 
933, 934, 935, 936, 937, 938, 939, 940, 943, 950, 952, 953, 954, 
955, 956, 957, 958, 960, 962, 964, 965, 966, 969, 973, 975, 976, 
977, 978, 979, 980, 985, 986, 987, 988, 995, 997, 1003, 1004, 1009, 
1010, 1011, 1014, 1021
United States–States–Kansas 74, 102, 105, 113, 125, 136, 139, 140, 
142, 159, 162, 163, 175, 186, 190, 193, 199, 204, 264, 269, 300, 
316, 332, 356, 361, 380, 383, 387, 426, 427, 428, 437, 440, 442, 
443, 445, 446, 453, 459, 461, 466, 472, 473, 476, 484, 503, 504, 
527, 532, 534, 535, 544, 545, 571, 582, 605, 608, 616, 618, 621, 
631, 644, 648, 653, 656, 657, 668, 685, 686, 701, 709, 732, 734, 
738, 743, 764, 774, 789, 796, 812, 816, 839, 845, 850, 908, 929, 
950, 952, 960, 964, 965, 966, 967, 968, 969, 1010, 1015, 1021
United States–States–Kentucky 36, 37, 38, 39, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 
46, 48, 50, 74, 113, 115, 125, 130, 135, 156, 160, 162, 190, 197, 
198, 199, 204, 220, 239, 240, 242, 245, 259, 261, 263, 266, 267, 
268, 269, 270, 272, 277, 278, 279, 280, 281, 282, 283, 284, 285, 
286, 287, 288, 289, 290, 291, 292, 293, 294, 295, 296, 297, 306, 
307, 308, 314, 315, 380, 419, 430, 443, 484, 498, 501, 532, 587, 
605, 608, 629, 649, 666, 667, 709, 754, 756, 816, 838, 845, 851, 
906, 944, 951, 959, 963, 964, 979, 1017
United States–States–Louisiana 124, 125, 162, 167, 190, 265, 274, 
300, 316, 330, 332, 373, 380, 390, 408, 430, 461, 473, 484, 501, 
524, 535, 545, 546, 616, 709, 714, 743, 802, 816, 845, 937, 938, 
949, 1013
United States–States–Maine 847, 927
United States–States–Maryland 190, 199, 269, 373, 380, 408, 419, 
463, 484, 532, 608, 667, 709, 816, 845, 877, 979
United States–States–Massachusetts 47, 199, 204, 269, 373, 666, 
928
United States–States–Michigan 40, 72, 74, 113, 115, 125, 162, 190, 
199, 204, 316, 382, 571, 583, 606, 666, 734, 762, 787, 812, 816, 
883, 921, 945, 952, 958, 965, 979
United States–States–Minnesota 1, 33, 74, 75, 87, 102, 113, 125, 
145, 162, 163, 178, 190, 192, 198, 199, 204, 205, 210, 211, 212, 
213, 215, 219, 221, 222, 223, 224, 225, 226, 227, 228, 229, 230, 
231, 232, 233, 234, 235, 236, 237, 238, 244, 264, 269, 273, 316, 
318, 319, 320, 321, 322, 323, 325, 326, 327, 328, 329, 330, 335, 
336, 337, 338, 339, 340, 341, 343, 344, 345, 346, 347, 348, 349, 
358, 359, 363, 370, 372, 377, 378, 380, 381, 382, 384, 385, 387, 
388, 389, 393, 395, 397, 398, 404, 405, 406, 408, 409, 418, 419, 
420, 430, 436, 441, 443, 454, 455, 458, 460, 462, 463, 464, 468, 
469, 470, 475, 480, 483, 484, 486, 487, 488, 496, 499, 502, 506, 
508, 509, 510, 511, 514, 515, 516, 518, 519, 522, 525, 526, 528, 
530, 532, 533, 536, 537, 542, 544, 545, 547, 548, 549, 550, 553, 
556, 558, 563, 564, 565, 566, 567, 569, 570, 571, 572, 573, 574, 
575, 576, 577, 578, 579, 585, 588, 590, 594, 595, 597, 599, 601, 
603, 605, 606, 608, 610, 611, 616, 618, 619, 627, 630, 632, 636, 
638, 644, 645, 647, 650, 651, 657, 660, 663, 664, 667, 669, 671, 
677, 679, 689, 704, 709, 715, 719, 722, 723, 726, 728, 729, 730, 
736, 738, 739, 740, 742, 745, 749, 759, 761, 762, 763, 766, 767, 
768, 776, 777, 780, 784, 786, 787, 789, 791, 792, 795, 801, 802, 
812, 816, 833, 834, 840, 845, 851, 852, 857, 858, 859, 861, 863, 
866, 868, 869, 870, 876, 878, 881, 882, 888, 901, 903, 907, 921, 
922, 929, 930, 932, 933, 935, 936, 937, 938, 942, 943, 947, 952, 
954, 961, 972, 979, 982, 986, 1006, 1015, 1021
United States–States–Mississippi 190, 199, 204, 269, 380, 406, 430, 
484, 517, 524, 532, 536, 546, 602, 605, 608, 610, 687, 709, 717, 
816, 845, 932, 944, 949, 954, 966
United States–States–Missouri 74, 84, 86, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 
96, 99, 102, 104, 113, 115, 125, 140, 141, 153, 154, 155, 162, 163, 
167, 177, 190, 191, 196, 198, 199, 204, 208, 214, 217, 255, 260, 
264, 269, 309, 310, 316, 330, 331, 351, 352, 353, 354, 355, 356, 
357, 361, 364, 366, 374, 375, 380, 383, 394, 399, 406, 408, 418, 
419, 421, 422, 426, 430, 439, 440, 443, 452, 461, 473, 476, 484, 
502, 505, 507, 532, 534, 535, 536, 544, 545, 546, 555, 557, 571, 
584, 593, 594, 602, 603, 605, 608, 610, 616, 631, 635, 636, 641, 
644, 653, 654, 657, 658, 659, 661, 665, 667, 669, 670, 671, 675, 
681, 683, 684, 689, 691, 692, 693, 694, 709, 710, 712, 716, 724, 
727, 731, 732, 734, 737, 739, 741, 743, 746, 748, 750, 759, 762, 
764, 766, 768, 774, 781, 784, 787, 789, 791, 805, 806, 816, 819, 
823, 825, 826, 830, 831, 833, 834, 837, 840, 845, 848, 853, 854, 
869, 872, 915, 916, 917, 925, 929, 932, 933, 934, 944, 946, 947, 
948, 949, 950, 952, 953, 956, 960, 961, 962, 964, 965, 966, 967, 
968, 969, 971, 972, 973, 975, 979, 983, 984, 995, 997, 1001, 1010, 
1011, 1013, 1014, 1015, 1017, 1018, 1021

=== PAGE 408 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   408
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
United States–States–Montana 709, 816, 845, 882
United States–States–Nebraska 51, 74, 102, 113, 157, 162, 163, 
190, 199, 202, 204, 269, 351, 356, 361, 380, 476, 484, 502, 532, 
535, 545, 571, 608, 636, 644, 655, 657, 659, 663, 667, 668, 670, 
671, 678, 681, 682, 684, 694, 696, 697, 702, 709, 711, 717, 724, 
725, 727, 734, 735, 737, 739, 742, 743, 746, 747, 748, 752, 755, 
757, 759, 760, 762, 766, 770, 774, 781, 787, 789, 791, 796, 797, 
798, 807, 808, 809, 811, 812, 813, 814, 815, 816, 821, 828, 829, 
834, 835, 841, 842, 844, 845, 846, 849, 860, 861, 864, 868, 869, 
870, 874, 879, 886, 889, 891, 895, 898, 899, 900, 910, 921, 925, 
929, 931, 932, 933, 934, 935, 943, 952, 954, 955, 958, 961, 965, 
968, 970, 971, 972, 974, 975, 977, 984, 985, 987, 988, 991, 992, 
995, 997, 999, 1001, 1003, 1004, 1005, 1008, 1019, 1021, 1022
United States–States–Nevada 477
United States–States–New Hampshire 738
United States–States–New Jersey 404, 484, 496, 532, 608, 666, 
709, 733, 816, 845, 924
United States–States–New Mexico 361
United States–States–New York 40, 74, 113, 125, 162, 190, 199, 
269, 330, 373, 380, 381, 430, 464, 484, 502, 521, 532, 608, 617, 
666, 672, 688, 703, 709, 717, 723, 801, 816, 845, 865, 923
United States–States–North Carolina 12, 13, 27, 28, 33, 113, 124, 
162, 190, 199, 269, 331, 380, 419, 430, 484, 532, 546, 608, 618, 
667, 695, 709, 816, 845, 856, 967, 968, 969
United States–States–North Dakota 162, 163, 178, 190, 460, 462, 
475, 488, 502, 531, 550, 573, 657, 663, 880, 921, 952, 954, 964, 
979, 1015
United States–States–Ohio 9, 13, 16, 28, 74, 80, 83, 108, 113, 115, 
125, 156, 160, 162, 163, 190, 198, 199, 204, 246, 254, 269, 270, 
315, 316, 359, 373, 380, 403, 404, 406, 430, 440, 443, 484, 501, 
532, 536, 544, 545, 571, 608, 618, 645, 647, 658, 661, 666, 667, 
709, 734, 737, 739, 743, 744, 754, 756, 761, 762, 787, 812, 816, 
838, 845, 856, 882, 964, 965, 968, 969, 978, 979
United States–States–Oklahoma 113, 162, 163, 190, 356, 361, 383, 
534, 629, 649, 657, 743, 952
United States–States–Oregon 650, 669, 718, 882
United States–States–Pennsylvania 12, 47, 73, 74, 125, 148, 162, 
190, 199, 204, 269, 330, 396, 404, 418, 443, 545, 571, 709, 816, 
845, 856, 883, 927, 954
United States–States–South Carolina 190, 199, 269, 331, 380, 406, 
419, 423, 430, 484, 532, 546, 557, 608, 618, 672, 709, 762, 787, 
816, 845
United States–States–South Dakota 113, 162, 163, 178, 190, 199, 
269, 395, 460, 462, 475, 488, 657, 663, 727, 734, 742, 762, 787, 
789, 799, 802, 810, 811, 812, 814, 816, 850, 922, 952, 961, 965, 
1006, 1012
United States–States–Tennessee 74, 113, 125, 162, 190, 199, 204, 
269, 330, 380, 387, 400, 406, 419, 430, 484, 520, 532, 536, 546, 
580, 608, 618, 620, 629, 634, 649, 667, 670, 709, 712, 732, 762, 
787, 816, 839, 845, 944, 1006
United States–States–Texas 190, 199, 265, 269, 274, 310, 380, 406, 
408, 419, 430, 484, 502, 532, 535, 545, 546, 571, 601, 608, 709, 
720, 725, 739, 759, 816, 845, 847, 851, 864, 924, 933, 934, 937, 
938, 949, 967, 968, 969
United States–States–Utah 717, 952
United States–States–Vermont 326, 953
United States–States–Virginia 9, 18, 28, 40, 74, 113, 124, 125, 162, 
167, 190, 199, 316, 362, 380, 408, 430, 484, 492, 493, 494, 501, 
532, 568, 608, 618, 633, 695, 709, 737, 816, 845, 927, 928
United States–States–Washington state 28, 47, 113, 124, 330, 373, 
461, 473, 577, 616, 695, 719, 730, 802, 856, 895, 899, 900, 934, 
937, 993
United States–States–Wisconsin 20, 21, 74, 113, 115, 120, 125, 
145, 162, 190, 199, 204, 222, 269, 382, 404, 423, 430, 443, 484, 
546, 547, 553, 571, 598, 609, 616, 622, 623, 628, 629, 657, 732, 
736, 762, 787, 882, 908, 921, 952, 979, 1006
Urbana Laboratories (Urbana, Illinois), Maker of Legume 
Inoculants. Founded by Albert Lemuel Whiting in 1919 300, 332
U.S. Regional Soybean Industrial Products Laboratory (Urbana, 
Illinois). Founded April 1936. Analytical Section Merged into 
Northern Regional Research Lab. (Peoria) 1 July 1942 40, 44, 47, 
49, 113, 125, 199, 204, 330, 359
U.S. Soybean Export Council (USSEC) 979
USA. See United States of America
USDA. See United States Department of Agriculture
USSR. See Europe, Eastern–USSR
Varieties, soybean. See Soybean Varieties
Variety development. See Breeding or Selection of Soybeans for 
Use as Soy Oil or Meal
Variety Development and Breeding of Soybeans (General, 
Including Varieties and Seeds) 331, 359, 423, 546, 607
Variety Development, Breeding, Selection, Evaluation, Growing, or 
Handling of Soybeans for Food Uses 765, 775
Variety development of soybeans. See Irradiation of Soybeans for 
Breeding and Variety Development
Vegetable oils. See Speciﬁ c Oilseeds such as Peanut Oil, Sesame 
Oil, Sunﬂ ower Oil, etc

=== PAGE 409 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   409
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
Vegetable soybeans. See Green Vegetable Soybeans
Vegetable-type or edible soybeans. See Green Vegetable Soybeans–
Large-Seeded Vegetable-Type or Edible Soybeans, General 
Information About, Not Including Use As Green Vegetable 
Soybeans
Vegetarianism–Concerning a Diet and Lifestyle Free of Flesh 
Foods, But Which May Include Dairy Products or Eggs. See also: 
Veganism 440, 606
Vegetarianism–Seventh-day Adventist Work with 606
Viability and life-span of soybean seeds. See Storage of Seeds
Victory Soya Mills Ltd. (Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Started in Nov. 
1944 as Victory Mills Ltd. Named Sunsoy Products Ltd. from 1936 
to 1945. Renamed Victory Mills, Ltd. from 1945 to 1954. Owned 
by (Subsidiary of) Canadian Breweries Ltd., then by Procter & 
Gamble from 1954, then by Central Soya Co. from 1985) 162, 536, 
667
Vigna unguiculata or V . sinensis. See Cowpea or Black-Eyed Pea
Vitamin E (Eight Forms of Tocopherol, Natural Powerful 
Antioxidants) 513
Vitamins (General) 125, 316, 778, 812, 1015
Vitasoy International Holdings Ltd. (Hong Kong Soya Bean 
Products Co. Ltd. before 24 Sept. 1990), and Vitasoy (USA) Inc., 
(Brisbane, California–south of San Francisco). Including Nasoya 
Foods (from Aug. 1990) and Azumaya Inc. (from May 1993). 
Founded by K.S. Lo (Lived 1910 to 1995), in Hong Kong. Started 
in March 1940 728
War, Civil, USA. See Civil War in USA (1861-1865)
War Food Administration of USDA. See United States Department 
of Agriculture (USDA)–War Food Administration (WFA)
War, world. See World War I–Soybeans and Soyfoods, World War 
II–Soybeans and Soyfoods
Water Use, Misuse, and Scarcity–Environmental Issues 531
Waterproof goods or cloth. See Linoleum, Floor Coverings, 
Oilcloth, and Waterproof Goods
Websites or Information on the World Wide Web or Internet 812, 
841, 847, 860, 864, 879, 882, 883, 929, 944, 945, 949, 1021
Wedge press. See Soybean Crushing–Equipment–Wedge Press
Weeds–Control and Herbicide Use 316, 346, 704, 726, 749, 776, 
788, 794, 796, 831
Weight of soybean seeds. See Seed Weight / Size (Soybeans)–
Weight of 100 Seeds in Grams, or Number of Seeds Per Pound
Wenger International Inc. See Extruder / Extrusion Cooker 
Manufacturers–Wenger International Inc.
Wheat Gluten. Chinese–Pinyin: Mianjin / Mian-jin. Wade-Giles: 
Mienchin / Mien-chin 381, 440, 504, 531, 583, 666, 754
Whip Topping (Non-Dairy–Resembles Whipped Cream but 
Contains No Soy Protein) 733
Whip Topping (Non-Dairy–Resembles Whipped Cream or 
Whipping Cream and Contains Soy Protein) 596, 728
Whipping or foaming in soy proteins. See Soy Proteins–Isolates–
Enzyme-Modiﬁ ed Soy Protein Isolates with Whipping / Foaming 
Properties Used to Replace Egg Albumen
White Wave, Inc. (Boulder, Colorado). Founded in Sept. 1977 by 
Steve Demos. Including Soyfoods Unlimited. Owned by Dean 
Foods Co. since 8 May 2002 812, 909, 924, 1002
Whiting, Albert Lemuel. See Urbana Laboratories
Whole Dry Soybean Flakes. See Microsoy Corp., Formerly Nichii 
Company
Whole Dry Soybeans (Used Boiled but Otherwise Unprocessed as 
Food) 382
Wiancko, Alfred Theodore (1872-1949, Purdue Univ., Indiana) 115
Wing Seed Co. (Mechanicsburg, Champaign County, Ohio). 
Founded 1909. Including Joseph Elwyn Wing (1861-1915), Charles 
Bullard Wing (1878-1949), and David Grant Wing (1896-1984) 430
WISHH (World Initiative for Soy in Human Health), and World Soy 
Foundation (WSF). Projects of the American Soybean Association 
(ASA) 983, 1015
Woodworth, Clyde M. (1888-1960, Plant Breeder, Univ. of Illinois) 
127
World 369, 482, 586, 721, 761, 806, 888, 983
World Initiative for Soy in Human Health. See WISHH
World problems. See Nuclear Power, Weapons, War, Fallout, or 
Radioactivity, Protein Resources and Shortages, and the “World 
Protein Crisis / Gap / Problem” of 1950-1979
World Soy Foundation (WSF). See WISHH (World Initiative for 
Soy in Human Health)
World–Soybean Crushing–Soy Oil and Meal Production and 
Consumption–Statistics, Trends, and Analyses 923
World–Soybean Production, Area and Stocks–Statistics, Trends, and 
Analyses 127, 316, 374, 761
World War I–Soybeans and Soyfoods. Also known as the “First 

=== PAGE 410 ===
COOPERATIVE SOYBEAN PROCESSING (1923-2021)   410
© Copyright Soyinfo Center 2021
World War” and “The Great War” 19, 360, 501, 502, 666, 722, 883
World War II–Soybeans and Soyfoods. Also Called the “Second 
World War” 44, 45, 54, 71, 78, 98, 102, 108, 113, 133, 135, 139, 
151, 153, 180, 252, 322, 373, 443, 463, 464, 501, 502, 571, 580, 
598, 604, 606, 616, 666, 683, 723, 738, 743, 745, 746, 784, 881, 
915, 921, 951, 982
Worthington Foods, Inc. (Worthington, Ohio). Including Battle 
Creek Foods (Michigan) from 1960, and Madison Foods 
(Tennessee) from 1964. A subsidiary of Miles Laboratories from 
March 1970 to Oct. 1982. Including Loma Linda Foods from Jan. 
1990 316, 440, 444, 449, 456, 457, 465, 471, 480, 481, 491, 583, 
589, 601, 606, 617, 666, 728, 754, 756, 761, 764, 812, 859
Yield Statistics, Soybean 33, 139, 153, 214, 375, 423, 779
Yuba Production–How to Make Yuba on a Commercial Scale 382
Yuba (The Film That Forms Atop Soymilk When It Is Heated). In 
Chinese (Mandarin): Doufu Pi (“Tofu Skin”) or Doufu Yi (“Tofu 
Robes,” pinyin), Toufu P’i or Toufu I (Wade-Giles). English-
Language Chinese Cookbooks and Restaurants: “Bean Curd Skin” 
382, 666, 778, 998
Yugoslavia. See Europe, Eastern–Serbia and Montenegro
Yves Fine Foods (Founded by Yves Potvin, Feb. 1985, Vancouver, 
BC, Canada). Renamed Yves Veggie Cuisine in 1992. Acquired by 
Hain Celestial Group in June 2001 877
Zaire. See Africa–Congo (formerly Zaire). Ofﬁ cially Democratic 
Republic of the Congo (DR Congo). Also known as Congo-
Kinshasa
Zea mays. See Corn / Maize